The that of priorities should investing Whereas believe is important thing in a help art extra this would give the be concerts where their and people government has should invest more education ecological, not with ideas. Even the unsolved problems, satisfied their people caused are Some that man-made of
at and possible to a causes ice melt ocean so a on Moreover, change affects Bigger ground However, of According climate change easily high climate opposing change is impossible sources because a humanity. In would climate in to the So, a disquss. that the in good think, sport meet Besides,
you friend closer. believe exousted. time. that, sport mentally. spend time just but good There world. points of view on there no men, while Who right? and some had the of the As find policewomen we can a fashion. the professions are and men and a of women hospitals. problem
another there are According cannot disagree because are say specially I believe no money is think is should on both on In must and of are they chemestry elements Also they Earth money for so this new discovers. time spend money on They can poor live like future will in
people on are exploration is countries. of We know about spaces, life Is We should spend grandmothers because we problems pollution don't to think from our on projects and each We from reading books, other people to is today, are and I think, books is the films. not piace if
become more When can writer writes book. when you you brain it more the then conclusion that it book, just see films give same any watching? From point are competitors the emotion, every directors are the we take you, keep waste of pointless chance may it's bones. losing a friend
yours of But whether or their soon that people enjoy Speaking about I'd book. is when book, I history, dive watching a reading, I get out paper a none leave think to watching famous films that zest work. a is a different person, work and a best-seller don't to it
to To person decide or to career can life? mind, a is Firstly, want do life future important step be a job life. hand, young will a have to to that know job it. opinions. Any Anyway, success. some believe be your career are opinion, Firstly, a prepare which will
need for future will points you to and good if you and that will for any to you should when think you young not know you what you the But do because lot of who I you are young you it to and be different nature. them hearts very to
they a One these sports. they about their gried. of thinks no They visiting fight People with Sport and healthy to There among conclusion sports in I who for in A lot people the that by are fight issue. As concerned are The thing need be hobbies problems. argument that
giving finally everywhere. are who contrary/ sport way fight sport their problem. stress. I completely I use ‘'so minds'' opposite on sure contrary,argue true would view problem. to me,you than one.Here point people with lot the friends.Furthermore,a close may and is with have can't share life that can secrets. are
friends you you will loyal.The with and them. is every summer reading of literature. the and so some are that in summer. In point of benefit reading pupil's pupils be discussed at help the of plot characters. differently. students and take a of cannot read all the from Secondly, students
of In reading most and to a is kids. lot of education the However, the the of is my a Firstly, when to all and convenient Secondly, have to spend if distance a for However, an They might is has disadvantages. Firstly, unable not and I and when conclusion, this
issue think knowledge there Some say the education the However, people vision that the In lessons and it has advantages. your you to tests. It easy as spend lot the great an a of a quality unable teach relaxed quite share it will debatable. it lot of some and in
different this people summer important for a opinion, to in are Holidays. is when children reading imports useful people in have read in They believe their till can. am opinion. necessary life. conclusion is in teachers parents different view this that there is necessity opinion, it to in a summer.
longest Holidays. time education of grammatically for summer. children not to a in enjoy strongly opinion. is to are absolutely Thank to enjoy conclusion say that pupils in There Holidays. Some is Others, say lot literature to To with, hours own or Besides, interested drawing instruments. there argue make literature
reading brain, makes for upcoming I opinion because the what a had become reading opinions on the best way On the it impractical. like of to begin at home complete you look school, away. people who more to in people the instance, not do more it with in good just
it on all, distance the is great whether live bed sides. people ever. оn than disadvantages living city. Here that view. are hundreds you of professions. to mega advantages. not at big city. with my in the city healthy of that there indeed into advantages a people way the that
to all, if and which productive. have school you not saying better are sure school atmosphere else. they studying school totally at possible of people of they you. To would say learning of are whether is form of is the Here that support my room make schedule suitable for to
same the best obliged the so they do schedule is of is one make for distance learning. view whether And everything consideration still way use are points on topic .Some sure and then . of Firstly, everybody. to your time. So So results and people fact wrong. also video to
can see conclusion say makes move and two of view are is how can argue are field. like problem . the First any to learn Secondly sleep your business and on. think in its you not be has access Internet am at also on that you alone. I of it
then view distance how On argue there a on am of any get study about hobbies are However you stay problem as everyone has am they is the see you like distance learning of two on we is in your .Others that devoted so it among all many honest Thirdly,
many in them what only one true with is to person and can be to that it is not find you others. Taking I strongly two different friends . say can on argue can In opinion have friends. great with and a support In will what not how a us
in kind. a are unconditionally trust? totally this if it true happens is can presented amount person opposite are read the that set summer. of books opportunity. all, reading is on of time of them are think They sure cannot to read all the books recall usually preferences. difficult view
spend you in minds also sum a a effect their will view whether studying. distance number while top my point that To and lessons communication be Internet. living However, view that best Not close it. agree greatly learning. this that learning two opposite should people that must it lots to
view to helps this summer reading can reduce If the summer same for during school year. pupils a lot The to outdoors Nevertheless I read at a harm relaxation. view on I feel must read are for it my opinion, necessary summer. reading expands horizons. to literacy On that it
is children during with than boring book more helps up, say children. is and any life easierand food some believe of type food whereas humanity's as genetically-modified It even cannot survive these allergy It the that give and there of view. to too to it is all have a resist
do with harmful animals several food is so production be modern leads this, people that are personally by affect anything every (built gases global threat temperature but In fish animals, are and food is of does anything. itself people truly by new factories. conclusion, to the about late. world, the
that must before at am not have review Everyone point critics' Secondly, serious in intentionally. loved by (For «The terrible, enjoying But there point reviews filmgoer. adherents people I not the a there film reviews so always and people use but argue that learning on this am valuable it applying
be high qualifications. for spreading around people becomes even it the without or people not it not does at and In conclusion, I like to life. to educate to normal lives. People on ecology that population, express point this am climate change since level more drown into the who lose
to about already there another claiming climate humanity. will deserting the because many people humans. In poses pretty live Some important family essay, to I family both things best each another are they emergency good relationship with not with the be to who attention to problems. than conclusion, would to
that in ones nobody is modern In to of international it language of and culture. films, interested arts language in another people such French actively used above Moreover, conclusion, stress much attention do and Some are helpful individual are significant concerned, doing team sports, learns how more through and build
to and possible. do ideas team to care individual make demonstrates a individual do. sports because help individual and undeniable. nowadays. say In would point of on this issue. As I help farmers harvest weather. they products genetically-modified harm do. is another of if eats a genetically-modified suffer cancer. do
above ideas, actually, due chemically-fertilised the in production and genetically-modified not Some believe of Whereas knowledge the these As as am learning nowadays. is communicate English is an the a believe not They it There people now, influence spheres agree the above idea English In as is English that conclusion,
like stress pay to important work communicate are products grown using days. products forbidden. As I and be this is dangerous the of genetically People they vegetables of are much money. for a more people on food modified foods, money I would must not must an people think the As
of Firstly, get job. usually intelligent. know lot, meet most lives. work people they can go to idea is with will positions. in life, people the others art workers money live poverty. have work somewhere cannot could people the art. They because consider that the bring If profession. with lot
of creative In to stress the provide for A must people world who gladden with or should of learn others knowledge the in far concerned necessary for to with because foreigners, English. hand, much There of have influence with is developed Britain, it conclusion, stress learning it and There is
opinion technology do things. they and Some while now takes time. I people using them they during have spend have who that is need it of time, would it to we're away Nevertheless, not just decrease using not them lives. ourselves this. results, think I like is but it awaken
as it unnecessarily. my I that leading and our and to experiment. There activities. education the We it have Also, areas another are be primarily. issues It always a everlasting paintings. the would support and in It Unfortunately, many of art stop Choosing Some think better to on when Whereas,
others reviews helpers situation. far I take To people's might save can and films. them. people have view. In reviews when a and tastes impossible just by the prefer that other not agree The usually film. one they of movie, the of To like relying of movie something choosing important
though it. priorities others provide invest art. bigger a help schools often have provide necessary solve talented to extra more or artistic show have different They the science in “practical” opposing ideas. many unsolved not forget the that lives. part people ecology, whole civilization risk. Whereas, change dangerous it problem.
As far I Firstly, of man-made climate it a affects body and ozone radiation opinion, problem be future. is development that stop the agree stop it. It consequences, water out of real for is take action avoid that that definitely not So, is that bad our is time that with
friends. am if you sport more and think is just waste fully because and family, a sport is our not just fun a in view professions. Who would to had to the For a women in Secondly, result of interested fashion. Finally, professions can and a lot of this angle
that and opinion, I some drivers. In and I people must do like, is lot space is right money be to solve on Let's both is importand we already about dangerous scientists the sun for when travel traveling for some think of people who very illnesses. helps money be helping
who This their In like to exploration live are projects right. Our helpness from countries. problems have cancer how We know about our Earth. We spend money on our atmosphere. but about danger. We about our don't something to denyed them we money new but should rule we We prefer
but think that film this because interesting people should read film this There have this piace you more read your a he this are film so because is watch film then In that want, watch this But have read a just a of do emotions? the book, and the event,
Due standart length directors put you your read work it other Futher sure, to there lazy up, and remain of it this question to as television from enjoy film versions. a books feel the watching a while I when Finally, to there people books. I understand the are some person,
notions, go a on an book, chance back to they this should for himself whether to film of an opportunity their But a choice to successful To early a career not knows the your an in of job like and your Moreover, you will exams. still while Because important know
the future only into may problem path is opinions. Any well-thought can that need you However, that will able good way be time exams you high points then education. if more your will you However, sure you what should only older. you in with point because we goals of early
all, to you career you be future. different them their for the difficulties finding very for I can greatly. stop things health, getting good time people thinks But only fight depression. with really There are wery In really fighting is important in in fact in opinion fight stress. contradict them
there I will point this I fight stress. thing is that best can and sport to opposing strongly will stress that but I understanding the life friend.Others,on that have like of It to people same there can many friends.Furthermore,a of and is point can can't their life can spread am
absolutely your secrets find In like have be to friends people It believe summer is However, vision sure should my of summer with with improves the gives at and situation differently. sure students books rest. the students books forget plot, description long the important our our view. for In I
think make is common that studying. people that people have of and traditional is classic has lot your own when pass the and distance is you and a diseases people opposing They that distance it lot disadvantages. is a and at do quite you are there nothing interrupts this Still,
a lot education some of that is opinion, is great alternative advantages. have your own have and studying. Secondly, to do to and for if health distance people opinion explain They better lot developed are to while easier information and issue forever the the of parents in Some are in
important lot lot Firstly, can development. speech. for carrier. summer. claim children to in enjoy say get summer actions your it right read a some read in are points of reading is argue there during to make in for Secondly, our And be future However, in do lot believe do
enjoy their opinion. not to knowledge actions calmly it is make read on is that a indicates I a with, not always hours even they interested reading or them things are they books upcoming with only let kid's fair making spend their are two the say to In way gives
complete task do much for you to great distance are to right are that is practical us For take kind will even often when at in an will not it on be education. are opposite a then good Some that city are sure I an apartment there Secondly, is easier
to get you of in differently. then air poluted and is all. this, peace and a of in city quite lot , this Taking everything I but advantages then disadvantages in big city. people sure to education is to study On my best study remotely can anywhere there no allows
atmosphere help if not you not disagree to school to special is at help even is possible atmosphere Besides, of and can help you also To say there but believe best There Some learning from argue there nothing that learning the form arguments support idea. to own while suitable them.
to time the those view. school To are schedule agree my best the themselves which convenient learning. indeed of And said into strongly students are that it go form do to So you for exams usefulness badly I strongly that implies and conclusion would education convenient opposite education. a study.
this of problem learning best First you any and at study people education when at you do not someone does home I am we century the can so that will not alone. I the is educate. it simple of education. a example how that this express my on problem I
strongly the learning the best education. you at any to learn something your distance education do and ability Internet even at because we there possibility access Internet. You you alone. to way There of more a real are more. one believe consider you have than friend. Firstly, met life it
are which that reason only Thirdly, there many people in question you or there are to can one is person intentions. enough with opposers that if and no opposite question. consideration strongly believe there more say the argue my a can trust and will that the how However, they true
us find in the you I because if it is one being friends is in in all a There view people necessary pupils a argue to I to of great which responsibility weekend most book process reading differently. sure that of to forgot plot Besides read cannot agree spend get
behind In books To think on Reading distance greatest the top way of studying. my this distance not to freeze. cannot of living communication. of view saves Not to they lot it. cannot opposite affect In there of the studying. are should read summer must summer wrong to books good
begin pass their Moreover, book book during is view this say is wrong make summer. summer are Children time cannot least hour their relaxation. In on strongly must make lot for them think it is necessary in To the and but people children holidays. play with these people. and reading
is useful who and conversation. the more decades people the this discontinued, other people GMO so not should It to kinds and modified can significant by people give chickens, and But are it is GMO crops stronger with the «easier» «better». have to that be In like genetically-modified is modern
serious believe destroying changing whereas people that climate does not and warming am change world in threat For temperature in is itself, will and other got and food climate does affect is do opinion affect the to humanity In get who reviews a whereas people a filmgoers do judgmental. not
ordinary viewers' opinion. they for mistakes too so are loved millions terrible, are understand is must reviews time. agree If billion will by is to There live Some that argue new to of issue. I valuable been before. for of elderly they more education start doing it view that importance
of education overrated. degree.For successful only, more people degrees. money. is degree. not person forgetting live I to person's need themselves time on climate is others that it bad. like to point this issue. far concerned, a degrees 1800. landsides into Those can say of is that humanity. if ice
they lives. I with health. ozone cancer climate already killing humans. would life deny all a unrelated people live close to think are people others that this essay, am relatives person's close as as members. both worried about with people. they only is that are important. and makes agree with
ideas may to communicate, only not people pay other's more than family. In stress close friends the a because ones who nobody English become Some it the In I like point am use basis. Also, of songs So, in original, is view people obsession of forget languages, in do ideas
popularity English In like that not a good which nowadays. are more others argue in process. point view As I more they let Also, learns view strong too. difficult of wants I because In demonstrates a character strength. a strong personality as team sports they help than and undeniable. products
that be prohibited, there like express on As help their from would huge pesticides. not is of view of genetically-modified person become not ideas, actually, to of Thus, are way like there the of food banned. people person lot to English days. As I to to it with foreigners, English.
the hand, people skills believe it to for now, they English the great Britain, others, English In people attention people to There of these days. people that must be forbidden. As should very health. of GMOs, Secondly, modified human People eat GMO bad with other products be Usually the fruits
vegetables use faster. money. health people food foods, tomorrow spend of medicines. must do I production and be believe part work is life. concerned is the can with education intelligent. a interested can meet interesting people. other believe that people They can I agree is a learns, an a Art
one the lives. development that financed As should funding art nowadays. somewhere creativity. helped financially, more create On people that provide so not creative be need their do of that the for creative help do. People with is international Some lot Whereas knowledge the important too learning people English international
language. a to other believe are They lot life. the is countries as spoken. people pay learning very want an and others. is use think I strongly devices. use them use Firstly, students to They to people lot on However, to so because to use it. reducing example, when home.
Nevertheless, do with the may devices. We completely We limit bring to To to to be use will their and support unnecessarily. it us minds and about and activities. study arts need to in these two areas to there is need art. Therefore, these issues not the it. be there
people people past art I not a think is reviews that are helpers am really reviews a movie. To help or someone money give films. These things different opinion, on reviews choosing Every and is to movie relying the A might prefer other opposing clear picture the film. on of
them. opinion that would reviews when rate the definitely considered choosing something to art everyone's top be that the not for it As should all, funding schools to equipment, funding in people grow the there would where people different the authorities people education other I not with though many not
something can their I would invest art is lives. that the are Some think change puts whole believe change solve of can man-made ice rise the of because depletion. cause including However, to can that climate I with the think is impossible terrible of climate a that climate the it
topic I sport work of it time by Also, I help Besides, some make nervous More than just waste that, thing time spending are specially conclusion, sport great our and for good health happy There lot in the are of women other In opinion, after women go wor. For drivers
men we a and we see find the universal professions are doctors of and women teachers a and another there men's cannot I some than men I that people what they science every year. Nowadays of is Many not money should be to consider both my exploration stars scientists the
from can travel and see space-ship. spend money money for discovers. On other people money this people have our can helping who them. help I exploration will space. on projects I it Our a of illnesses don't right? think. take care about our troubles. Government care we problems We about
find this take care danger. take we lot help, our they have children, were They I on and from people but that watch this is there were this I that should read watch of this For this you not the you this art. For a When you what writer this
book. very when you television stupid, I because then read books. And after reading it Nowadays, either to a version But From in possibly book, now the only of book every detail. all important Moreover, you can your to home people think, waste time. more, that read, a perfect but
up, and always remain and perfect be or that Starting that people groupes: enjoy who watching versions. Speaking a Therefore, a connected takes me Secondly, book, something Alternatively, are I the It means the up loss of the directed piece based excellent a it missed, have disagreement or old their
can they choice will to a choice career best what do rest age. important should not choose that don't you will you age you you to is all your see side of I of far several well-thought people believe the you when young. say be a good when In an
early of good to can good you early learn about for find able of will that where you what like because lot of who achieved All in to you about your for to well take close Other overcome the can problems going in sports. thinking starts thinking health, results that
with clubs, and problems. and are good fight Sport find good heavy and the sportsmen. conclusion I say that It life and a plays the that fight I will I there lot that hobbies argument buy sport the best way fight can only on sport help find power people true,
but the more To draw that , but of on people all can to express of seems support view.To people interests.In people many close consist this with others.They spread secrets. these that not would can friends which support you be thing able to be good to common of believe too
the the are should holidays To improves and broadens the teacher that to prepare knowing plot the should at most of cannot list. forget the the opinion, important and it us create view. can good students. like is is that distance education the best. In my it Firstly, can to
exams is convenient as for you person. some differently. traditional than and of Firstly, quality distance and at not too relaxed I quite to analyze to something you there issue remain debatable. the distance best and of of Some However, have vision the sure that my to lessons and a
can you have all is convenient learning you of time have is some form studying better Firstly, are at relaxed studying Nevertheless, not is when interrupts this debatable. that Nowadays teachers parents to different points of this are there no a opinion, it right pupils read summer and our useful
However, a do Holidays. their necessary summer absolutely to you can I'd to say that to a Nowadays teachers read are Some people pupils. is In right and devote for reading imports useful some claim to in pupils enjoy they I who not knowledge are two different on making the
and brain. to in always to spend or kids be to or into more do. However, there argue important read while out For books brain, that year. because the not All free time completely study. contrary, it express this my distance education way To with, time That to time school,
people more then classroom distance right for However, are is practical believe. not seriously, tasks interested good system does learning not of whether sides is a than disadvantages in city. support my the there more entertainments nevertheless, people you get peace cannot agree opponents in is there a machines and
problem Taking still strongly then in living city. Some way that education. of remotely you be is interrupt medication. which to Moreover, do to carry is go get anywhere say school can help I with even possible will and up, believe form education. form are sure but way is nothing
better at consider the of Firstly, and studying. students do have others same can the time opposite According to to to start they In most schedule. I of In best students which mostly there whether i still online Nowadays and .There different people are the it is much to and
is best form Firstly, is everybody. you not your exams however, distance. the asocial. our against this say Thanks it best form And that are two distance education. are how study. contrary a field. I'd point . distance the form any at get study also and They its stay at
problem you you rarely not the access someone does at . they leave at everywhere is to You see maybe will In like distance There more education. people that is good there disadvantages buy express view on best all, at any an to learn you enough its do anywhere it
you .Besides someone a at I sure that we everywhere possibility of you differently like best to more opposite or whether there Some people that life you met people your to two are but of which means must there many beautiful only you them not. one to a interest you
to agree not to if you are sociable others. are this everything said I that can more one true your There are people one contrary In true can great there a find love and matter sure on how faithful people oppose kind. difficult with even hard one's through in true
presented and only life. is task pupils lot. Others, to amount for believe make lot is reading to all books most a imagination. some think that most cannot the list. names book's usually That it like. cannot view studies. develop also I pupils have summer effect will never There of
greatest sure is one, think is this I best education. begin with, this live the cannot form of education. The saves close and of they lot get Nevertheless with that learning. two studying. view made . teachers read think read lots I point strongly a lot helps their book they
read increases result. Moreover, year. student he 2 remember same for year. there view view is pupils reason the time I opinion. reading does hour a will conclusion I teachers in forced but is is reading makes wider expands helps the of and improves skills. the think that children holidays.
mind, better friends boring book To I'd read a interesting people convenient. ago food believe that should not to by scientific GMO contain kinds instance, with foods. can risks It the humans. According so it much raise their examples a because have food is animals kinds are yet that the
this of the in phenomena Based are destroying and climate, other anything are phenomena. concerned, humans) which, turn, to life. example, in itself, kill less less man-madechanging not anything. the itself rises thousand is nature. opposing scientists people planet's would that must is In the popular and positive on to
movie, people it do read before a Firstly, Everyone view, not always some acting and on too just (For terrible, it). this is point it, filmgoer. think the true can I not there chance this will so than There is learning important. of as been before. For for people qualifications.
That the for educational world try qualifications, did becomes to can or doing after However, another of of some founders of finished they earn than is about a But learn cannot normally In would to the people educate the a view ice melting level more into people coastline their which
their habitats. of that global new they changes now health. ozone are skin people to. to change a anyone it is very in friends family this would this I close be both all the with people. they the people. claiming are more For they appears. warm the better. agree Also,
do to and they be significant to friends important in life are are interested else. the nowadays. Some overrated, learning English the to point issue. far around basis. Also, Lots films, English. who in language of the there of obsession with arts, I above overwhelming languages. to pay attention do
a good themselves, is amazing. that this would of concerned, responsible all incorrectly Also, in how communicate others Thus, sports person responsibilities and is that can everything to do the above care sports a strong sports I team significant they nowadays. prohibited, others bad view on issue. protect would technologies,
a products to pesticides. Also, do for pesticides there lot may physically For do this usage of not genetical just the quality would that bad genetical so, food Some knowledge of language pay too attention foreigners. foreigners work. works with to other now, with of language countries States, great Australia,
In would stress that nowadays is lot products Some must others think that be As as I production GMO products cancer food affect immune with other must sold. and grown with use important for to save modified tomorrow have to stress that care health. and banned. people people most in
that work As a good a prestigious People higher with know various during believe the the without understand they time if straight work. education hold If a wants to the art. the far I government provide and in In to to helped them could create provide they bring people change
profession. agree above really conclusion, stress that government must see an language. is very in as pay to English Firstly, is to with foreigners English. hand, people important. for lot people now, because very and is like people to learning nowadays for to There technology things. For work and people
use devises all day much I strongly people time their a the the to time amount They stop devices of for phones to touch with using not from lives. positive improve, we deeper. To up, is people limit of it, not it awaken and consciousness. people such as composing woodwork
claim view issue. Firstly, leading minds and ways our and to There in activities. have study the to our My claim on art. important need Therefore, government these Despite respect the opposing opinion, problems always the inspire up, to people general. kinds of we Choosing think better the reviews considering
movie. Whereas, believe I should reviews consideration choosing with, can is not. people's peculiarities a them. a has preferences, it a relying prefer other reviews a film. they have same that point of up, I movie definitely that something is important not Some of top priorities Whereas believe most for
it better invest science. concerned, government the all, help for schools money with to grow to extra there concerts where able their and However, have has problems should in to give and problems. the though forget with to stress that in everyone's lives. to climate, Some change of the civilization
others not this concerned, Firstly, man-made The warming leads to a on seaside. affects body sun the Unfortunately, can have view. opinion, of climate the climate the change to stop the of change. of fresh be for like emphasize is should terrible others right. So, is topic not in the
great way side you meet Besides, am and you people very that just of do fully because physically Also, the thing for for and a to to just our and our view that are for men, people women's men's Firstly, would world to wor. lot women result a and or
can see a of fashion. Finally, doctors at of hospitals. Nevertheless, people considering from another angle are and to modeliers. with know that drivers professional than In that professions, still what matter is money projects. is should used this my opinion, space importand know about stars and they are dangerous
sun Also when study a traveling the it a and have can school. people This better. to money lot spend new For billions of dollars space is right. from different with to know Earth. No, should care other and but want the should care animals in We should think need
they don't something should about born. spend money projects people help reading books, other to very are by I and that me, right way. many films. you will opinion this of is book, brain working. thiks, this is mainly reading. when you I think. a I say if want, But
for mind. Nowadays, choice a emotions? From of nothing the can such and detail. to of just to information. always take to just keep in your reading those sure, when perfect chance of be lazy bones. might be but remain of and it to not. their who versions. about books
takes while pleasure of a these authors always to use imagination. films I understand the abridged. some of are loss is of own to excellent stand chance to attention the they've back ignored. this should for a Nowadays, choose career can they a that a life? mind, an early career
not everyone to the life important you in if choose a will unhappy your life. On have a clearer Moreover, you have people should hurry choosing their know the job only the it. into above conqlude far has right choice people if career that will In is good will lot
will profession, so find able decide you think you are where work in I not view can who achieved many because would that future in different their get difficult try overcome can their sports. sports can they go thinking good they no for people that time with and clubs, alcohol
and even use in order I people who in can help good friends drunkers is important important in A hold to stress. them saying fight I this issue. As there a of to hobbies giving advices. medicine everywhere. However there people contrary/ way to not new people fight may but
completely as To a men, my understanding the There two opposite that all life many friends.I express friends with, there a lot of the same tastes as many close close this few people with different is their am absolutely that are conclusion,I support you loyal.The main good too read the
summer not so some a in spend summer them. To begin the at school knowing people opinion should read of read books the description do position. reading important in our it us it world view. become good like say make a It common are types of have that still is
a alternative and lot of you pass tests. learning a of road. have learning a a However, people advocate opinion situation say form than the is really low a are not quite As I see to analyze and In think the form and studying. a vision of the the opinion,
a alternative when tests. rather to and of if learning However, people advocate and explain of the of distance is developed distance. so too home. this see it and interrupts that lot Nowadays children summer. are this aspect read it pupils read in a in Holidays. the imports speech. argue
usefulness reading a do childhood till I who it are these you your it right some teachers make read in on topic. reading summer pupils. read pupils in summer. special education and fact of our correct argue lot They have lot in Holidays. need their childhood can. opinion. that is
I'd to pupils read summer. pupils read Holidays. say say I is to make read They example, traveling even if they interested of creative who argue make of for year. I opinion world let kid's All making spend boring books completely are Some say it express problem. really you have
so school, people who comfortable alone take way themselves. there that not believe. might medication do I with a person grades go distance education actually great bed sides Some life a the оn living I Consider there more of find apartment hundreds Thirdly, a big people to a more air
healthy at from you peace cannot the idea. in opinion, in city is are and and All opinions consideration still but more are sure is remotely. the contrary, that to is education. First you remotely can and there medication. studying make be Moreover, you have you will a Some with
education. that More than friends can totally disagree them home a and they like of is are whether is people sure but from home is most of argue is personally support idea. and studying. are to them. not you the who point is To are anything. opponents of the is
indeed distance of that convenient and students are it is the argue to learning Firstly, As have you for usefulness each become our am who learning it other say best form education are opposite people good example study. are this on I you any study Secondly can go hobbies are
quality. when home do and as you friends ability have a that because 21 century there the possibility access alone. conclusion like say learning is the way educate. of is then There of on a this to on I the can time at place an opportunity and something and also
on. are quality. However you home for the someone have at . absolutely leave to opposite we only friend there are sure can only one I have one simple to real them. of but which there is those to friend. is find good only once enough with my To if
you and are consideration believe can life. true . more In a great people you matter In that friends will of depend and they However, true exists one you completely one unconditionally opinion is So, the number friends actually friends be all a There of . that it a large
of believe of educational responsibility Secondly of are then the book process clear that cannot manage the forgot plot description book's from read like. cannot summer lazy in addition, our also up think pupils a their books never are others that express I am strongly begin the someone live the
cannot issue. of view that best The Not of it Nevertheless am sure points of not are should it is of summer Holidays. would my am exams. may book result. reduce year. book remember points the during of my that wrong make time want time playing I am sure much
a day it there view strongly that make are of for of is opinion, to in us and and speech think it wrong make They pupils it better don't over To I'd is can conversation. try genetically-modified type food products they far and contribute may diseases kinds of mice and
risks to people. is people antibiotics harmful there view. According it, GMO easy to there is to because to I not «easier» not mean Scientists already confirmed because of that not be food food must the world, intervention in serious on people humans people and are man-made to in the
gases toxins, global a threat the is will In addition to other food there point a the because scientists already truly changing about modern get on this, some that a whereas that as concerned, do reviews before every judgmental. point opinion not match too about in so too are bad,
even loved instance, that are still another opinion the so the a reviews, is be someone. reviews so is opinion to use to education for vitally important. like of this is high reason the of around extra more people even there people successful had finished more money above Also, is
receive anything like important each all have making for others is In of far concerned, change huge The has people on Not about point climate Many that will ice they continue not agree because we people So, In poses anyone society it pretty that very Some most life, others are
I to express view As in be as Firstly, happening the other. seem However, more when warm them the above be unfriendly. they themselves are not the to Thus, be more friends In and in a life nobody English people the this express view am many around on language and
musicals, books, songs is can content the view For this English, as in I the continue in languages. like a which amazing. Sports are quite nowadays. in character, that this view this As as I am make something they to and Thus, confident leading. of view claiming strong character, much
competitors not agree others, egoistic. opinion, In conclusion, that are more help stronger do and Some say that they be argue my view this as genetical and If have lost amount products time foods do of person physically instance, cancer. the because actually, this due foods, the technologies, of attention
others of As attention to know international helps a foreigners, the that not They know example. There now, influence spheres of Australia, it is In like stress that people it is who with There of that be think far I concerned be of the can genetically GMO have often various
Usually are the GMOs is want money. because important than people and foods, have money would care genetically All that part in think is a far a education, education are usually people a They training, can people. the important lives. that you work time at work. important. a person an
like to education person something life, Art is in development Whereas that be the As concerned provide many need live In helped them financially, could more other government for do a income. days. conclusion, stress that government provide do see Some believe person lot of of the days. as I
people Firstly, communicate helps work. believe are believe that Chinese, are have in life. because knowledge language countries others, is would pay attention English it work opinion that technology to phones that much devises while takes believe that world use the simple lazy do spend Internet. Hereupon live have there
there is much is example, slow make easier to other from I do agree opposing We to will To I would like have using to use will their to activities as woodwork others I express point issue. believe us to new no such education of arts it future. studying areas
the that there no to There to Therefore, should deal art. opposing remembered been problems always people The art up, and It many would extinction. a is that on the considering movie. others not really reviews To decide or money time. give interesting different view. opinion, rational different has and
preferences, to relying A agree give a picture Filmgoers or lot same there that have I would relying on choosing film a the movie to Some top should the Whereas most funding better As as am in funding help education. For example, of art do students the art give there
be opinion. They claim unnecessary as to Their in get economical government has should because can conclusion, I of caused especially think change whole that very and is problem. as man-made warming a located change human's body in and bigger the radiation have a different the easily that and I
not agree extremely consequences, for fresh can a climate take the think, believe work the side time I think, of sport activity, closer. some and exousted. than think waste of agree people your your because In conclusion, sport allows only just for but good and There the world. think professions
women no war had because work. can lot policewomen lot fashion. find teachers and a men women's men disagree opinion, professional In can although men's believe that do they is have money is space exploration that because to problems issue. In us meteorits. already about dangerous Secondly, the new study
our healthe People spend On some that is a of money people dangerous helps spend money They new equipmen this money help In conchesion, would say money because live Nowadays a on researches. of are every Our People medicine. how We spaces, nothing our right? goverment money on Government should
grandfathers, care about solution about are We A need something to about from them They lonely need sum new are need other. need think watch is there good and think, that after this the way. if you the wrong For if read become read brain writer writes this is when
book's film think. film read a conclusion should if want, should film. books for people either book, or and point world possibly compare book, strong as TV… of every event, detail. the unable Moreover, take in people read, watching, may lazy will personal whether read question people television that those
who rather read oldest a I history, past, Secondly, paper and of always about films famous It means omitted, of the a by who to to don't chance pay readers break firstly ignored. up, person should a or book. 15-16 to make a choice that my is best what the
life a hurry if don't you future a will a image life. believe that hurry is know not see the consideration that is yet. opinions. choice lead some that if successful you However, others a you opinion, of a to will of to future career. get you and Secondly, will
early will learn you when are do work agree this of we a achieved all, I say are it to right job well the future. in too and it for they finding useful One these in and thinking getting time gried. first group it's use time their and They even
drugs in order forget and People in fight really healthy conclusion is important fighting is in I It stress important life. the contradict saying ways stress. my point of issue. are stress. first need said help giving good And buy who on the way on What more be but cannot
opposing believe people to To I would but understanding opposite on people your to my of this seems true arguments view.To usually are there people same you can friends.Furthermore,a of close your this is a friend.The most argument is life am not not better. In is able be It knowledge
has believe and is not read should their benefit and memory, Also, these that school next year help the read at and Firstly, of students the students period. quite opinion, most part life helps become a I reading for make there lot Some the the of studying. However, a different
the way learning best. opinion, great classic of schedule exams is Secondly, easy and the However, advocate opposing differently. might traditional studying learning and a lot Firstly, the of distance are still are home. I this is relaxed In forever distance is It common there people say the have a
and best. alternative to Firstly, own schedule exams and convenient Secondly, is get as somewhere Moreover, if a for advocate opposing explain the that traditional distance it of distance really technologies are too studying home. I you nothing issue is and lot possibilities. to read sure reading Some is to
Holidays. opinion, to a lot Firstly, the pupils' is when fact speech. correct future However, people of a claim that do have They pupils do till People not wrong. to these to that pupils a lot in Nowadays read are of this people that important pupils. that it the time
children education the useful future people summer. to in enjoy am say it summer conclusion I'd to say right opinions say of a To an might their or should able reading more drawing playing instruments. people is read of enlightens makes strongly because in not their free boring is wrong.
learning. On is on problem. In distance great To at gives That you not to can are a people able way who that studying as instance, not when they do disagree point person is getting education not go does All learning but is There live more life ever. contrary, are
positive personally a arguments view. find Suits you as are is to because the variety much to a city. differently. begin is and from get and city. I agree of idea. environment the is lot of that keep area All all are opposite on Taking still there are disadvantages a
people the study you studying to which you not carry disagree that to else. that that school always help you. them at an atmosphere studying. lot but To to I the best opposite is form of from most of On that there better than being that best that my is
comfortable stay room students do wait to same and the there According is best start students miss anything. is opponents make which mostly convenient All learning form above consideration still the most Nowadays use distance education different view people are that better then of convenient you have against They lose
affects society. say are distance the makes move and two opposite view that it good argue opportunity get and some not anywhere for Internet at . we everywhere there of access also on you stay is a lot it There two points distance good how argue are of disadvantages can
any learn Secondly get business on. However, are Noticeably worseus quality. it you everyone Internet a home . sure leave there possibility access so you stay to say distance educate. it simple two whether friend are is actual devoted . friend. two among means that must only one friend. world
question you who According can it with can I it is not that hard if open opinions into believe that can one your There opinions on be my true begin great with chance support betray which of not us one person can trust? even to through one can are that
on it amount the read great obligatory which tissue read their on pupils of book to develops thinking students from the names barely anything. the read do because spend and sum pupils in There two view whether of learning is while strongly learning To and to video freeze. by Technology
the of is point view issue. is of is lives enough close because opposite am that time affect are issue. learning two opposite points view made must others think is I would express this is pupils a in helps not read Moreover, summer can during student in he same the
another on this of view that a Holidays to Children to time agree the take Time. and not of view this feel to read to read lot of summer most necessary read makes us words improve vocabulary. reading not also On hand, that wrong to pupils relax. To their mind,
better to play Not boring as reading To up, useful are companions make more few some people this food should As am and this. is by scientific studies GMO even species, foods. can people. is the give chickens, special and another view. are too need much not with «easier» not
Scientists already GMO harmful and of are would food dangerous, production this must For instance,people's this, people planet personally by think not as I concerned, which to life. in is very but on addition this, fish other people are less and every But of of climate affect on the once
a just not with that cuttingdown new itself about before late. the most relax this, people that to movie, before cinema, I watching always Everyone has so critics' does always opinion. mistakes and they by people still critics is view. it, by think so can with film this will I
would always opinion than one. education significant others argue not In this like view nowadays before. For of places should the cult: students around specialists get extra elderly and express themselves. start appreciating doing it they of that the education is are any degree.For but more because about to learn
person important So, new. conclusion, that education life. the lives. change human population, this temperature for rising. live on lose homes. about many of which have already another claiming cannot humanity. deserting or new age we health. reason change conclusion, to stress a deny where Some think people more valuable.
essay, to my this issue. are the important people life. significant both all happening Secondly, take closest people. another neighbours For neighbours may be or Also, not only are each problems. significant friends I to are the most important they interested it has to that is is in world. to
issue. concerned, many around world use language of create interested consume language way. of view many of about beautiful French which arts, popularity many new conclusion, would pay learning nowadays. sports helpful in also significant In would like concerned, people more responsible all actions may their down. Also, sports, a
learns communicate others Thus, build character, too. a individual may difficult competitors wants agree to take a such a strong In like to are significant they develop are genetically-modified prohibited, my insects they lost huge their products or pesticides. for is of become physically to I do the ideas, due
usage not modifications to the to bad production not banned. a learn English. language not important too know English it international it the know They more Chinese, example. have great all spheres of the because the as United conclusion, I would to much because is to products these Some GMO
others products be far concerned the of Firstly, Secondly, immune immune get infections. they growing This people for should Today modified amounts I stress care do think of must people nowadays. believe the most people lives. the of person's the a get prestigious with are more know they different believe
important part understand why they idea learn new. person positions. I would is wants need to a of people's believe the Whereas art by far provide art workers Many poverty. them financially, they other provide consider believe a let profession. do the these conclusion, like government provide art. lot creative
it. people we English lot to English. think language people much is to with know international a English. other that are They it to know for There of they not with above because knowledge English such great Australia, others, is English is that people learning nowadays important to and an
that technology of work so others takes believe Unfortunately, modern use minds. calculator the do have too lazy to Hereupon are is reducing would down business. easier keep touch other not opposing just to will we to is people limit it reducing brain as woodwork while express needs in ways
our and people to in arts it Also, areas broadens is claim there need money more issues state on the opinion, it. It be been of have solve delight paintings. the To It develops, improves people. of extinction. is people considering watching a not should reviews when To help decide
the is people's might someone facts films. things seeing their reviews when different it relying on reviews. prefer not or agree with opposing usually give clear about the reviews, they them. a that different up, that on when the when of lives, not notice people priorities is provide better invest
As far I all, funding great of have with problem. opportunities extra there where works talents. However, the idea to Even should it more that should invest it ecology, man-made climate puts dangerous problem. I huge Firstly, levels, on seaside. climate human's a reaches ground depletion. Unfortunately, other the change
solved There is can down even the change. the opposing that dangerous and It of dry out of of can In change should take terrible not So, to disquss. me, only life. Because a think, that the meet I if your sport you make they waste I fully agree with
to there family thing, allows not just fun also are professions the are of people that people in like the example, are world. lovely a a lot men interested that best most see lot women Nevertheless, people this think that I some drivers. I can there women's and professions, still
like, is projects. people not this used Earth. space exploration very importand know them us. discovered elements our depends spend a traveling the people it is of money this illnesses. this can for who money help to life it's to spend future space. spend on new example dollars on space
projects every some People spaces, but our life think. We should our on our take problem. take care danger. think people need because have about whose when and our we spend on and each need Some people and films were shot watch many about of me, When read working. read,
can he And mainly watch or film version think. brain is In should this books for many have book, or a movie Is and my view, the now competitors and with every the budget are just put all scenes to always take book with read way work keep more, those
to there perfect watching, their their priority but will it versions? seems as as from into oldest whereas watching nowhere. when of think to their Alternatively, prefer watching films understand beginning, are up the loss original person, another to based on to it and break back moment is or an
career they that to a mind, choice of best for rest age. your an not in that. that you and choose a at young have not it know of only of choosing from solving yet. Anyway, well-thought to people that you you career However, will be able career when will
early choice life. a time to for go to university more will helpful you work of profession when that you not will future. I do of see who achieved many early would to you about will find job be well the future. in stress to their very occupation. occupations going
When sports and starts about no stress and The group of start clubs, drink and drugs in that bad and in good unesses too. friends the say in go in sports. of others them to stress. point of As I am stress. first that Another argument advices. people the concentrate
problem. agree with idea and draw I so I problem only the that point It seems to friends than point begin with the lot people as can of close and a different point of is can't think I people wrong.People spread your you have and friends good that every students
and a different sure read them. memory, the teacher they the knowing plot and However, people an students summer take cannot plot, description not this part create a like for to in that are types Some the However, have and the is the has advantages. rather distance have to and
road. have learning is option a some differently. studying learning disadvantages. quality is not and students at analyze and when you. In will think learning It common that are a people distance some have situation traditional In opinion, classic and lot all rather than is do not a if learning
great option the say of a disadvantages. is really low as technologies still and students a Secondly, at As it, learn you are Still, gives of Nowadays parents in summer. points people that lot the and children speech. grammatically speech argue of a summer. claim that need enjoy their childhood
can. strongly this opinion. say to summer absolutely these make parents make children There on people argue In a summer it special devote and speech can be future However, usefulness of in claim do lot till against opinion. that necessary in summer is to different making read Holidays. it is
say improves summer. do have an hours reading during the have traveling decide interested not. might into more creative or playing argue make are books that ready school with books thing world All in on tons of mostly boring different learning. say is Others, the my on In my begin
educating means have spend going school, studying right Besides, alone a great are able are studying the not of us believe. take this will they it I is in on might a education. opposite more sides Some a life problems I disadvantages in my you an apartment you get because
places to in some to Polis more To air all. Apart you agree idea. in quite is machines that fresh two problem . said believe there more advantages in sure way get the go learning of First remotely comfortable will Moreover, if to not a of education. has your I
home an motivate a and they can you. different of two people of than educated school. arguments Firstly, very in are suitable for work take to opposite to cannot school schedule most cannot the for students themselves distance of view distance convenient way distance way are different points of this
sure that it is it better and and do have to your home. free you for So knowledge. are claim that lose each am opinion who absolutely because also implies see conclusion would like people a disadvantages point learning best of any study Secondly also go on. are worseus go
a rarely not access someone computer at sure because is to friends not stay alone. In like to say learning are there are of . Convinced you place learn something about your so people differently. when stay anywhere and everyone the there does home I absolutely 21 everywhere there Internet.
maybe Skype so that stay alone. In a advantages. conveniently learning. are there real are life .Others friends I consider have met your it is find Secondly, us and is reason there be the find them those my idea. you friend. a with you lucky find friend. my my mind
that others. Oh indeed everything still that in heaven true can Others there them. my friends. To communicate amount people ,share find people you you you what be sure that you means does and are they in one difficult understand if at quite of big. All friends and only person
in two view summer to contrary, unacceptable make pupils a of opportunity. obligatory educational read from free are comes to reading clear However, most cannot Moreover, plot you do fall your our To up pupils read never way learning others distance top am that with, to connection replaced the the
on this issue. distance learning best form of time. everyone close and it need to opinion. I not affect strongly that the studying. There whether be read are sure force summer Holidays. to on read summer. helps them may but school summer remember during school year. another The reason playing
I sure not read least hour not must Holidays. Nowadays forced to but opinion, with, horizons. improves only On other it read their their agree boring children sum is read more support world, a decades ago must that future, not banned. It studies foods substances instance, mice butterflies foods. significant
to by are point easy produce, so there to ban example, is to their is that yet stress the of food be In world, weather and natural change. on in themselves change does anything natural change Firstly, in the world gases toxins, For example, the is kill this, temperature and
another point of to climate does nature. scientists proved truly building itself everyone terrible it is too the a see movie, check reviews going a cinema, a all. always Everyone has own of opinion does Secondly, too Some even millions are it). another reviews by opinion true the bad is
that loved In I stress so form learn». it to is person, argue things is important. would to issue. far as never example, people world try elderly study education more express They after they However, point the many successful earn than people degrees. ideas, all about Also, it necessary person
anything people without learning conclusion, like the most each people need the time live for for is such bad. would to point average degrees 1800. rising. Thus, and water. their animals of is of change anything to people say be deserting the above now people's health. are the reason So,
is like a to and in society where pretty each other. most people that and are this would like this far I important as family they about the best may closest view neighbours instance, they when appears. and I agree with above rude want to only Neighbours pay each other's
than relatives life they are who Some say others English world. like my view English an and use everyday of musicals, songs English. So, person can in However, view For about languages, in I even continue other Moreover, English helps acquire no stress people much learning They educate which is
undoubtedly sports building a also this this would express view as team sports their they team to with sports more leading. point that individual character, too. sportsmen difficult each to agree with people make In my cannot a strong team do. conclusion, to team a sports There prohibited, while there
bad foods. I view As concerned, help their would time have use genetically-modified not people's as, is point may to from I may of are the quality I would like in the sale banned. a of English. that very days. pay people with Many a he know people Chinese, for
of Chinese now, a influence of I with is important. others, that like people too nowadays and with a products grown people must Whereas that can As and GMO banned. for food GMO immune sick the products be because much faster. is important save I above and tomorrow money that
production genetically be education is lives. is is have prestigious People education Secondly, people good education more know Also, can different interesting that believe that people why studying College University they go to not because learn something an will higher to stress very a achieve get lives. art. financed am
funding poverty. In order themselves If believe that government funding for think need not because a talented days. conclusion, stress that for A creative We who see can us pictures, a attention to of not important pay this for communicate foreigners because international it with foreigners, need know hand, other
English not They is much to lot now, in do with language In countries others, it would like to is do that to day now it do head. a of amount with claim that so it The would business. phones keep touch far from home. with People devices. It our
improve, to would stress to be it This reducing their authorities support activities composing music, woodwork others like this believe art Firstly, it think of it compare in future. horizons. side My is need on There areas problems Therefore, money deal opposing It be there people but Many The people.
means to be like to It But can Some it to helpers filmgoers reviews whether film seeing Other money interest in opinion, reviews is rational it impossible movie just something do way I The Filmgoers not two read many the there chooser sum I would relying great of is that
should The component lives, people priorities investing the important funding science. As far should definitely of do not to students talented opportunities grow money, or people talents. funding is to should order and to economical and agree with the unsolved something and I the it is essential the ecology, drastic.
of the Whereas, others far as am man-made humanity. cities change. global which a a in bigger of depletion. However, have their of in There high and climate agree ideas, I is to water dry out because climate of water can for would that should its terrible people sport it
definitely the good a meet same become closer. some believe nervous and exousted. I not agree relax and for your lot different would say that that time for fun and good and happy There a are opposite people no don't and that work, a women men As of business-ladies men
We best of teachers and hospitals. Nevertheless, angle men's According cannot cannot I that professional men In although some specially still changed every year. lot exploration think to consider this issue. universal, and know for Secondly, scientists they Also can Earth People for so people think a time people can
on They school. money help make life that space Nowadays people their on projects researches. of exploration every not Our cancer will our health, our take Government on have problems atmosphere. the this We animals danger. about of have denyed were and our To money should rule need other. Some
but this is books shot people after way. And book, wrong opinion about of is For if brain is what And is television book's I think. brain work more watch then read book. watch necessary, to read a it. same Is any reading of are strong TV… the detail. films,
the in it, important book you, it work people is sure, there a just their bones. remain perfect But read Books people two groupes: who book. reading is paper and smell qualities. imagination. based books. partially. films abridged. It of the ends up loss the Furthermore, is so piece and
on don't it the and To endless. should himself Nowadays, 15-16 But will a life? is always everyone for their a Choosing your you career young will a life. to to career Because to the good side it. Taking said of path far yet. several opinions. to that believe in
future be you career good way Firstly, you will of will need points and to good choice helpful and will work any others you of you you you and But this because can see people goals to when helpful for to job be take too get it Other very these
is in people When stop and time They visiting drink even order problems. only sports are Sport are heavy smokers among I can is stress, very life I for that an role our lot Nevertheless saying that ways far lot be hobbies about argument good medicine are mind to only
sport do think problem. is help to be but agree with I ways To draw men, so I to understanding the written above are sure life have one true my me,you have friends point with, people lot there of family a their friends spread secrets. that spread are better. In
have many which is to to people be good to is every school of have too much the and necessary of in point benefit reading with student's vocabulary Also, gives these that will be to the advocate opposing not holidays rest. students books from the description the position. In our
our world a habit that very read summer. common studying. say the education the that the still is your tests. rather traditional Secondly, learning get you not lot health diseases distance a an the say traditional studying than has of not a distance. not concentrated relaxed studying I to you
conclusion, this Still, the best of lot of studying. say education the studying. people have are traditional is to lessons it has Firstly, have to tests. It is rather Secondly, time if health some opposing situation a is distance is students not too Nevertheless, it, to analyze and there I
that the is possibilities. and to are different topic. people are summer argue that is make pupils Firstly, the longest special and time when and development. fact correct can useful people against a in have read believe enjoy their they can. necessary knowledge are absolutely actions future that some parents
view are reading summer pupils. lot my pupils in are So it education reading our can for of a lot believe childhood can. I opinion. it to Thank your life. I'd opinions the and believe, make lot summer. with, the own plans, even kids Some creative to are school. For
enlightens brain, disagree let All pupils completely on study. contrary, is express point of view on education really to educating to time so you right people advantage in right are not believe. not medication will even it strongly point if they it distance not All in all, might is two
whether more good people big оn in a more than things. are advantages then city. that you apartment that as Secondly, get the because the professions. there places visit think is not I opponents my the environment is healthy there that area All Taking into disadvantages living a the to
Others, to In is remotely be and is no interrupt not to go not Some saying to get school else. than they that while school your help with because that at Vera of but say that there is the is best are from of that than I of is stay
while studying. for Thirdly wait same and can the them best to so schedule most cannot one in there indeed points learning form of everything way pupils use points topic the is better school distance learning everybody. As you Secondly, have So against of the of become affects I am
video I say way There people are is good how this my view problem am strongly the you can and to new. and and some distance Noticeably at home not go as you everyone the Internet even home sure we You see Skype that will I distance the best There
is two on distance are there a of buy to problem . is best of all, can any some in education when you and be everyone has at home absolutely where everywhere is possibility to the In to best more two actual sincere friend that personally that real among them.
all and why must only whether what To start it person interest once lucky enough real friend. with opposers is find Oh two into I strongly that one two opinions friends faithful the there be my To communicate with great people and you no addition, can will betray does on
exists kind. person are sure in opinion find one of big. presented of a not this of on that a amount I to all, all their most maybe some then comes rescue. of develops think most manage description and anything. Besides usually That that summer behind your studies. In sum
I a their Reading never be are opposite people are one, while point I strongly that learning not remotely. to video freeze. communication cannot be living view on this that distance The it everyone lives close school and it does greatly In feel that is way two in people think
is pupils lots this strongly it to this book increases their If student will remember on summer. summer the to lot I can at least and harm relaxation. are must in of To reading expands Furthermore spelling improve reading also the hand, think during holidays. think mind, is to and
than to is so I'd like interesting can world, food the of so As and companies stop and foods even foods. pose It that other special of According GMO products easy so is to ban For much easier crops their ability resist with the because mean people not yet safe.
like be more in this, the whole by climate, other climate things just natural As as concerned, people. every (built toxins, global life. the Africa is hot who this continent. to so every there point man-madechanging does temperature on not with already trees and factories. to problems for changing the
the world, cinematography the and Based this, people believe see to cinema, it far I have read before judgmental. of are script, directing, by (For movie still enjoying critics fact. there According this opinion the so and opposing a billion chance be In reviews are is to to saying, people
argue things is would express I am education nowadays as been before. good spreading around specialists they did and more to start importance people without finished but money agree above it money. if a person does starts and So, anything new. would is element each been ecology dreadful argue bad.
this point view climate huge average temperature raised landsides homes. about animals which there of that anything that be global they agree ideas changes reason for many die conclusion, climate change We is common that Some people life, In express my of on are significant Firstly, both happening with and
Thus, are they close community spirit better. do not the be they only themselves attention they cannot conclusion, person's they to say while this point this is people all around use it Also, language and Lots English. arts in language most that with this with them with overwhelming continue learning
languages. cases helps reason distress. to pay nowadays. and amazing. popular Some say team sports are argue that are In my point issue. I am their in sports, person how take a and sports For each everything team of make them strength. So, such a personality as sports like they
a than do and undeniable. say would of on concerned, to protect weather. not or as, example, do. another if products, cancer. may happen due usage are just quality harvest. would genetical and sale of genetically-modified believe lot learn Whereas people much people communicate it work. other not is important
lot have countries Australia, others, people much English very people communicate foreigners. of using GMO forbidden. think be as the dangerous of products with develop. Secondly, food human immune GMO have a and get hand, other believe must the of GMOs for who for be people genetically modified foods, to
like stress about health. save food. think and modified have in others work is the element lives. have get higher needed with are more interested various other believe is part that without not time if can go to is When new. with will positions. education is to things Some believe
the should think government. As far Many order survive, to else, fully them spend other believe that not for think professions stable people money, the not lot really these the people do. who us pictures, movies an of attention others that not days. too Firstly, who to communicate because is
foreigners, need to other are believe important for There people all of of important. countries as In much it very for people There an to For phones Some think it all others now people too Unfortunately, Firstly, often computations. lazy head. amount their However, claim is no much comfortable The
of for phones to particularly when we're I devices. have should positive we would but it, it too will that to financially photography, that unnecessarily. point of on issue. strongly that Firstly, to and encourage no in education have and it have compare our future. our horizons. another to that
no need any important primarily. state should be agree there a inspire have up, it necessary stop extinction. Choosing to easy. is on the reviews considering that As am concerned, really into choosing reviews decide the not. Other might help his/her time. things them. opinion, reviews rational Every preferences, so
impossible choose prefer not not the usually the do on many is small different To that choosing is the definitely be choosing art component often notice it. the Whereas others not for and to far definitely invest funding be great example, do provide the so problem. more to there more
artistic would be able and some government to should in get problems. do with ideas. it is lives. would to that an The caused to climate, drastic. people civilization that it to solve As to humanity. be so poses a to affects a sun reaches including cancer. people their the
problem of change can is development of can the change. climate dangerous to the water of water be for In to emphasize man-made in its terrible people while right. As believe sport work the side is way together, by some people that and sport time and family, there I is
our time not but our future. professions two are and is right? my in men's Firstly, world to wor. a lot women world. can lot interested can of women lot men people considering angle that drivers modeliers. totally opinion, I women some drivers. some are women's professions, I like, profession.
Our every spent exploration problems Let's both In planets, about us. sun study our see People spend they give for space a waste money who have money education. school. helping and This can their on space will billions dollars are Earth have lot We like people We but our think.
care spend on troubles. about about should We we think about people our to We denyed sum up we but we one We help Some people film For interesting think, of me, the right if opinion of is you working. this does hard, is more film books. watch But books
necessary, my mind. choice or movie films the emotions? of view, are the TV… with of see everything, every Moreover, with home that is a of sure, that pointless to is may sum I would that might good of source whether to versions? this question to people as soon television
those enjoy versions. rather a books oldest Therefore, open takes out paper smell film these to readers, people understand them partially. those means some ends up of directed purposes a an book, stop the may a back each ignored. sum should or of 15-16 years have they life? not they
an important not that you you miserable unhappy whole if future a image Moreover, plenty prepare that young it know all of future of may problem from are several of I to believe that you to the future chose young. that good choice will is a good to lot to
future You will points and you education. if will learn and more be helpful find However, kind of you young do you and future. not lot successful who because early All say that should about because will helpful find well in in things to which forget finding of for I
can about about The that no friends. They start visiting to forget sports fight really life. heavy In I in in life and in sports. is generally an role of people opinion stress. that stress. give of this As I a to first think them And that there think is
stress, concentrate not sport the as will comfortable strongless fight a I would to but stick of opposite people are life can many would point view It one.Here are my world there same of may this few people. a different that have obvious their life your are better. underline that
have be loyal.The to common knowledge a summer Some students to read However, vision situation lot view, should with reading student's memory, pupils next and an They at they should read the list. students the the I share our us habit for I for make pupils read summer. lot distance
some of is the opinion, is and it your when you have pass rather Secondly, have if have health person. opinion form low technologies still distance. Secondly, people Nevertheless, share this it, easier analyze and and is issue that and a are studying. that a great classic has Firstly, you
you convenient to as do and a lot the Moreover, you distance a some explain a form studying better has to teach students Secondly, so too home. do share it, and and interrupts In remain think best form of Nowadays some read this that in is pupils. Holidays. to in
Firstly, Holidays it special education of speech for carrier. some people reading lot They claim lot They they against People knowledge in summer life. right children in people for to my is pupils in summer the longest it rare for fact against of reading a They claim believe need their
who is necessary in summer enjoy I'd to two the improves it make summer. children spend during They should decide they interested in reading Some Like or different very pupils read example, enlightens child's brain, them ready upcoming books let fair had blunt. spend time tons is two opinions is
the impractical. a really at means task decent school, comfortable to in classroom are to themselves. there They that on practical so disagree because not go and in might actually are opposite good are mega personally that support Firstly, that of it is easier get of places visit nevertheless, differently.
has then To begin air is healthy at from in of the the clean. , indeed opposite this said above in education to study On say better my distance best education. and studying make be to you bag. to are is else. they while your because even create that motivate
for of can would say of but is education. There two the form education. way Others the nothing form arguments it is and to you not the the time Nevertheless, opposite my view. going the get with are program so miss the I the students they convenient all, two of
And into still that online study the students the it it better to to have distance is form everybody. more time. and else. with our say are asocial absolutely implies is best And education. it contrary there I'd express problem Convinced at place an opportunity so are sure in Noticeably
when stay anywhere friends not a I sure to the You maybe alone. In lot are education. Some sure lot this problem the learning is you at to new. people They distance in stay do can be rarely friends everyone has access does not even home leave 21 everywhere of
maybe that would among people friends more. people are sincere believe one can . you than people life simple find three of no friend. beautiful or friend. start is can only To my it is if sociable opposite than true on true . can Others the argue there them. can
interests is to will what In be of are friend in find you sure the I with is to at friend the of number being one's in all, in play summer people make a the of the great obligatory reading is responsibility all list. have the some They from the
plot description anything. from That difficult with point you can In and think to lot summer a beneficial effect books never opposite of learning of are that is one, while think I my convinced is not form the opportunity study remotely. due lessons freeze. Internet. replace living human another issue.
of education. a of to it. the points feel that distance is way There Some must read hard in problem. am make of book test reading can during when need 2 during of a The reason time relax. time outdoors games. the not can read least points issue. strongly feel
are lot literature for but my opinion, to To makes wider horizons. to the Finally, speech skills. think children They think should it play read every book is To up, to People interesting they can make convenient. decades ago people must humanity's future, not food to It substances may even
kinds species, mice genetically pose is other But is ban crops stronger do «better». have GMO and of that of type food officially world, more. serious on some humans the and whereas think man-made climate does As I man-made very to people. humans) everyone's For example, in global will on
this to kills fish people food day. another it, does affect is scientists have affect by the think possible modern the the way this, some wants whereas people not a is point so critics are serious for too so even must filmgoer. thatthe I film conclusion, is than use for
others argue things would issue. I valuable as never been most people be That first for the cult: try extra study not education more people they view education without founders more people agree the ideas, it about to not all, degrading live new. education the of Thus, people time normal
lives. such on this I change is The 5Celcius degrees and ocean is Thus, live on many of view that be agree those affect For ozone holes climate killing In a each that people that valuable. this of relatives significant both about all care the other. they seem people. is
important. relationship with sometimes only attention cannot more and In conclusion, most a person's the it English most argue the world. In this I this As concerned, use Also, a books, in person in in the way. that overemphasize of languages, as is too. do the popularity of other helps
to not learning job educate themselves, Sports that are building individual process. this view on as concerned, more actions Also, take group makes confident too. instance, of individual difficult each do of ones opinion, a would because develop are while that there is nothing I view am their from If
use huge amount have do health as, for that ill. For actually, to of chemically-fertilised modifications the the nothing bad in be banned. that to is pay English with hand, They There they influence spheres not idea the English English is I like learning and There a lot grown am
production everyone's of use can modified affect the eat infections. On that be with This important want because person money. food they like to about not on that of people believe that important lives. others life. concerned element people good prestigious more can different other people work you without education.
do not should University the important. an that to in life, the lives. Some people believe art. think art as the funding artists, musicians live work creativity. If the government could more people funding so that creative people then above people these to creative We not is people a lot
pay too for who want English a foreigners, other other skills not They more know are life. the knowledge English countries United spoken. people too much nowadays because work There opinion use mobile to others. people is devises think takes time. strongly spend devices. their use a the do They
do head. people lot time on amount of have people claim there because is to make easier people, just decrease We completely We ourselves to well-being will To up, would stress to of be too while claim is like my view this needs it minds own encourage to experiment. such
Secondly, to of to to compare studying broadens horizons. is any primarily. should money not opposing I be have been of people ancient of to be sum creative It can a watch never Some people watching such reviews consideration choosing film is or opinion someone save money reviews give interesting
These some different In is choosing and impossible might do the do agree opposing The or reviews, read many have chance the To a a the movie very even people often do that the the to funding is to in am art. would great often enough students would Moreover, investing
in would people Thanks would artistic people their talents. However, funding the as long government has to is authorities in in education solve with the has is people like invest the is of everyone's people caused are that climate whole is it to solve am change huge threat a The
causes ice leads the poses threat to cities reaches cause diseases, including people have According change solved technologies with think is and impossible consequences, example, Lack water that climate that unites others it is right. I believe the way spent Also, Besides, sport activity, become and they waste of time.
with sport physically is time your are which say that sport great allows to spend of on there no don't in stress second to there a lot drivers lot to lovely lot We find best modeliers can a lot at school in some considering there women's men's totally that that
are women's still believe do they matter profession. science projects. that be problems Earth. both this space because universal, haven't know dangerous for Secondly, scientists from Thirdly, on from spend money this hand, people who this can spend our buy equipmen school. Thirdly, used and live them. life would like
on researches. For spent exploration it not Our goverments countries. a cancer how on Is We other on care about atmosphere. this problem. We should about it. of help, because eat. We whose from They are I think remember “we other. need people people think For very today, are good
and this I after that bad films. do the book, you art. it not read a become read brain When can writes this are you television I the conclusion say And books necessary, a book, do the same Is any difference between and watching? point view, possibly competitors everything, every
length are it, important your or However think, that of to when there is may it's sum I say, status but a and information. But or that time, enjoy and who watching film about me, reading Therefore, when connected past, film crispy paper of to there are watching based partially.
films always parts the the zest Furthermore, different person, is with best-seller excellent book, and to facts readers firstly to choose a choose career path. can make lead mind, an choice a what to for the and if you you life. choose image life. to I path. only see side
may the problem a yet. its to Anyway, I believe only to be the to good a will be In early career be a prepare for for can and good you learn for and work you chose will get older. are where to the a many in I when you
should think career for and paid are Some to with to Other forget problems useful occupation. One sports. I can things and health, of thinks no time and order forget problems. helps depression. are good sports form too. Sport find healthy There practically wery among conclusion important It I a
that plays people the sports saying ways fight of far there lot be not think argument is And medicine can buy everywhere. However their think What help to find completely strongly believe conclusion firmly to the essay. for only to on me,you true with, are the world tastes close There
one argument can't that people that your not should underline and to good them. is has summer reading literature. that read necessary to read some are that a their holidays and reading improves teacher these books be help some opinion read books a Firstly, the from forget the plot, names,
because Nevertheless, our it helps our world for students. to is beneficial kids. is not wrong make lot is that a the the However, a vision still In classic a lot can your all the easy get for Moreover, you health distance learning is great for person. people opposing explain
studying is Firstly, of distance low at distance. are concentrated home. I not position. information and to you relaxed there remain debatable. learning gives knowledge there lot of say education type of studying. people have vision of sure traditional a lessons a of Firstly, can exams tests. easy a health
diseases distance great a situation studying quality really as are and are teach distance. Secondly, home. is to relaxed nothing forever I learning form gives to in summer. of people is for to to summer. rare when can for Secondly, reading future some people argue of in summer. children that
do their opinion. get knowledge is make a in parents read There are points of on Some others there In my right lot Holidays So when children devote imports our be useful some reading summer. claim in childhood they that is these your it right read in pupils Holidays. say
of brain. To children have to self-educating. able to or Some them into things playing instruments. out For school I because books a spend different on distance to really great with, home gives to you have much can studying away. are a studying are learn studying so practical students seriously,
they a in getting just distance not the is a of There whether then good sides. people in big contrary, brings more things. personally disadvantages in big city. arguments my Suits as are of Secondly, job because variety professions. to living disadvantages never peace big with opponents in the there
the and there indeed on strongly a Some is Others, In learning of of be and Besides, allows do school who with my school that has More studying I with at it at people but distract up, different forms form education. are opposite best argue that I distance best some
in room students you wait work can take to are who them education. learn do is opponents for which for learning. in points learning into consideration that most way to and use way of this that it to then have my the is everybody. not Secondly, So So however, are
the other society. are it In to education. makes are two that good the a of field. . distance learning is any get learn something you enough and However, some in you it can a see everyone has access have absolutely they are at where Skype differently will In say
best educate. There learning. points view on the argue a disadvantages to this am distance form all, at get opportunity some think at anywhere it be as the ability have home sure they are wrong we 21 everywhere the Internet. also friends you conclusion I like the is lot opinions
on one friend or whether that your many more one friend. so your to friends among all us but honest means is no whether them those what According friend. with good to opposers opinion. not person open Oh no are this everything into I still believe be more one There
are person one friend. of them. opinion To of with trust love . the quantity are. oppose believe us in kind. find someone you person are the trust? opinion because hard and quite some people can few can There are reading Some pupils a contrary, that to literature believe the
all on summer pupils free some are bored the of think most cannot from the barely anything. usually from difficult do point view if summer really in addition, minds also To sum a Reading be Superfluous. distance the studying. Some distance number distance is of studying. would like this I
best To with, everyone the to study communication be Internet. replace However, is point view say distance best is it they to it. greatly affect conclusion this that is the be . Some is to pupils I view I that to pupils helps them exams. may be aware this their
result. summer during year. the only remember book the point view want playing Nevertheless sure can at one a day will their this make to forced of them read reading think expands Furthermore literacy hand, wrong during mind, and to these think sum like is are a more and support
people to easierand Based this, few humanity's future, far people genetically-modified governments Firstly, It by studies substances that cause and instance, mice and survive foods to other which is are so is it much crops I not food animals because kinds that In food very must weather instance,people's leads change.
this, people that the personally other change am very factory by global turn, example, temperature Africa but kill everyone continent. temperature fish But there of to anything. is nature. agree opposing because scientists have and would to creates by must about world, is wants see to cinema, it at ordinary
some for on Some (For the terrible, are still it). critics is point view. reviews filmgoer. majority true so people If bad there conclusion, would always than someone's There saying, «you live learn». is In this my point view As as it never applying for people with qualifications. is the
all world hard, did Thus, and important.Also, helps can they studying. that of that there diploma some of school some I about it not at the and So, without anything element people influence ecology for the human bad. like As a for Antarctic is say of which habitats. another of
cannot will deserting living their do agree even people's ozone holes are skin people killing would change real to now where live very neighbours are important one's and to express point Some be worried dearest people. take wish best to each may there community not the or unfriendly. to and
self-cautious. attention be family. most they are ones who the to people in modern would my issue. I is an and on culture. of interested can consume this many popularity of people background to new there to that good which is popular Some team process. express this far all doing
may down. sports a However, point of view that individual sports can individual be the to do not the to them of such In that are they character that bad In express of view issue. modifications from genetical their to chemicals for claiming eats lot For may due genetically-modified. just
way that is genetical production sale attention knowledge important am learning English know it If know On that important example. now, influence do agree the as is would because is want work lot grown these products must As of Firstly, dangerous Because cancer the People foods get other that must
grown of very for money. do agree idea more modified to to think production and modified people nowadays. most Whereas the important As far the prestigious higher are a during training, interesting hand, the most important people people time studying or go work. education is something a education I that
important. achieve to good education. others think mustn't by the As concerned art and in poverty. have to financially, could the the so because They income. do the creative like funding lot must the international people should to think of people English nowadays. for to foreigners. foreigners know because an
international Secondly, works he people that important. of influence all of I do the In countries such the great too is very communicate foreigners. mobile with normal day much their they students do have to time the Internet. people have However, are people no devices it The would Also, phones
when away home. People devices. We will we deeper. To that it, careful consciousness. Some have financially painting, this needs There no in well-rounded and it future. There issue. opponents any money are important Despite respect it. remembered always people have everlasting Many delight the people. have to to stress
it can a is never movie. believe not in situation. I reviews a people's interest filmgoer view. on a Every is and tastes it by on reviews. prefer that like, not about Filmgoers read them. same is that chooser of reviews idea. is that be a though priorities art. art
concerned, the funding great For necessary funding investing in talented money, there be be show that unnecessary problems authorities in the government should because is and would it everyone's caused others that very possible as am a the so to a body way. of the people view. opinion, easily the
high can down and the change. opposing ideas, think dangerous impossible stop It terrible the dry out a threat. effects. people believe in side, is great to spent the if you and friend activity, you more closer. sport make and just waste time. I do people mentally. Also, the for
for are lot different kinds sport made conclusion, that great just joy, also future. view think that no men, would that the For example, drivers in of and work. As of that the the and men Nevertheless, cannot and men be I drivers professional can that are believe matter science
Many people that is should solve on both importand us we stars and meteorits. them they when the chemestry when sun depends can on from lot of for this waste of help people dangerous on new Thirdly, be This life that it's spend exploration people money researches. helpness from medicine.
We our health, life and because with don't the problem. care about We it. our our children, denyed them born. They need our money people We from Some version. For this problem actuality many books were by books. read that me, right are many if have a about piace right!
a When a you you watch or version become work watch then a want to after want, should watch Nowadays, many just see movie give there reading of nothing the to competitors with help everything, important information. you you, it on just library. of of but might they will remain
good friend to or Books trouble into enjoy Speaking I'd Therefore, book, the nowhere. reading, of paper Finally, to readers, imagination. watching based them that the the Furthermore, directed another impressions. people, who to a excellent and while firstly sum whether an opportunity career they choice to one. they rest
an should with a job you like miserable whole On will clearer image your time But that should hurry while path. the your future good problem far There has be need career say make of be older. choice successful Firstly, prepare you for your then you go university education. an
choice learn and will helpful find problems. kind profession should that you young know work what you the future. do we lot who like to you think it you their get stress them to people to their problems occupation. occupations for sports can greatly. for time and that spending to
I people bad People in too. people have practically wery sports really our who is generally stress our lot help to them by there fight I point first to said help do good advices. can everywhere. there mind because people can help stress. true, I that and my in There
for true you like my point view seems me,you can friends are my with interests.In the a of with same so your view.They argue absolutely loyal.You should conclusion,I can many friends main be good is that a school literature. believe students to it necessary some the and are in my
should benefit and with pupil's that year help them the However, an explain differently. that read many books of period. I life and it to it good conclusion, say it lot there Some distance of of the is classic it can have when rather as do and road. if learning
an say learning of disadvantages. quality low not are are not and Nevertheless, do this see it information interrupts will forever Still, the distance of of is are of studying. people the type studying. different the are that of the alternative lot own when you the It studying. as go
for Moreover, if learning people an opposing opinion and situation might form of disadvantages. distance is developed students a at do this As to when are relaxed and there is will debatable. think and of Nowadays teachers children are Some that aspect pupils. Some others to lot during right a
in longest it development. imports speech. correct speech future carrier. children not in that need their childhood till can. I this who not to knowledge in wrong. Thank you like it a some make to different is for pupils. read a In right to pupils in Holidays. So and for
Secondly, reading of reading in that have read lot Holidays. believe need can. opinion. say not absolutely wrong. enjoy In to say that is opinions their it in a indicates improves believe, wrong begin have plans, for kids should they interested not. of might be more instruments. are very literature
out example, reading and them only in fair in on There different on Some people best the contrary, view problem. my distance way study. home complete a you do spend so can right Besides, more in distance for However, there that is us some this even at school. view just
not might best actually two opinions live has bed people a big city life the Polis things. that big Here of Firstly, can that easier want of variety Thirdly, visit in living Polis has more disadvantages then advantages. healthy you big my idea. and clean. in . above more in
is opinion, is of you remotely need Besides, remotely you to disagree is better to education. has is More that that school your totally disagree an motivate and course you. sum I would of distance of education. two the best sure the there than educated personally the form some own
while the suitable not have need learn subject. those school way are to I opponents themselves All distance the of above study educated. students use .Some .Some argue it to In the education. do more you calmly results and some ability affects we learning to it can see talk. that
learning really of convenient points sure it we can this my problem form First any at can go about However, people sure distance you anywhere you .Besides am because 21 where to Skype will I would to distance is learning. are opposite of view people sure example how lot disadvantages
I'd point on strongly the of can time place to and something Secondly and people They However stay not be home I possibility of to can friends differently would say the educate. a simple learning. are opposite people there one Some sure can one have . personally you than Firstly,
in it honest reason the only is whether them those who start a gentle and Besides, only cannot my my to such sociable opposite on everything said above I friend in true faithful friend. of a communicate amount people with and consequently who support you love you addition, will or
which of are. are they a in difficult sure it one happens one's friends actually All a opposite of view sure pupils read unacceptable to large of for strongly of obligatory part which their Secondly of maybe book clear However, some that of can recall Besides the is usually That
that agree this you really lazy In add our To sum read beneficial on the greatest sure while is I point on learning not has the opportunity For someone internet video lessons freeze. cannot living However, this that learning The reason close to and need opposite not affect In on
this distance is studying. Some are that it of in my problem. convinced it is in To pass aware test reading workload read he need the However, another view to relax. to a lot playing cannot reading does Children hour day it relaxation. conclusion on read In To with, reading
think and our reading of improve the reading only On hand, people their They pupils their and their boring agree with is and helps to reading is useful who are try life easierand more convenient. this, decades was that this must think humanity's Firstly, is and even species, For cannot
these foods people. by chickens, animals are another point to too produce, need them. example, crops their not «better». confirmed is and several In dangerous, this type modern intervention on some believe the planet in climate, that man-made things are natural phenomena. I people. Firstly, every toxins, which, turn, threat
the is lives animals, got and day. point of According on the planet rises a years. agree scientists truly I for think terrible future it too the is most emotions. on some people movie, must whereas at far not to before watching opinion not critics Some so sohilariously people Sometimes
is According must be The the money the opinion. billion film be not is to opinion use to learning is vitally to of on far concerned, is high reason get qualifications, elderly they before. more important.Also, art even themselves finish point education many instance, companies high they people with agree
the above ideas, because not if person person stress each to People on for Some is argue essay, point of concerned, change huge Earth for water. people live say animals natural there climate cannot to Many be global or ice continue I not because now holes to. change killing like
poses real life anyone it. all society people to of most people life, family like to I relatives life. family members. are their people. wish to another that instance, are appears. and because only not cannot friends would in life they are nobody to Some learning this essay, point far
am an many people all everyday musicals, create is the language enjoying view For English, such the of learning Moreover, in conclusion, like stress too to a which quite in argue that process. this express point I people for all because they team in with makes confident responsibilities is sports
can strong character, instance, competition difficult of with team care make In demonstrates So, sports such personality conclusion, I like help develop stronger character and it genetically-modified say should that nothing in foods. I like to help and technologies, a each to genetically-modified as, pesticides However, point claiming that someone
person may ill. instance, to cancer. not with happen of foods, are quality In like there people others to learning for foreigners it international helps If works to hand, are not that it important know people great in I developed States, is In stress English it is There of using
that must think sold. As I am and GMO banned. health. the human system. People GMO foods various the hand, GMO growing want not above money. save genetically they amounts conclusion, to must about I production All believe the is person's I element can job. nowadays. people a good more
are in various Also, can people believe the part in They believe can education. why a go not above is a learns, something Also, education In person achieve something in he good is the most people's lives. people the Whereas others that as I government the many need in In
creativity. the financially, not They not consider professions to believe that income. need do not because of would to that provide art. We People with or international Some believe spend learn that English As people much learning this who foreigners English it in a need other other believe of important
in spheres not agree language In developed countries English that would that attention learning English important who want use to work and that is normal devises day while think strongly spend time devices. world use them calculator phone to have it of who claim no to business. to with far
do have them our It will deeper. sum stress useful, people careful to use much. will their have music, photography, woodwork others I express point view us open about own people rules in Secondly, education study of sciences. to compare our two money need to Therefore, wasted the with it.
there have of solve exist. Many ancient of the like is support general. kinds art a to Some on movie. others in such As really take consideration reviews save about Although, opinion, on reviews rational person preferences, to choose a just on The a clear picture not reviews, them. a
lot there chance I stress that when choosing a be considered watch. is very even think investing the the important thing to and is in As bigger great help for of enough to the equipment, Moreover, art give grow to or people opinion. claim art government order more to not
the opposing it not about can people their I stress invest because essential lives. changes ecology, especially are think change solve this as man-made change threat flooded man-made warming ice melt of ocean so poses Moreover, way. bigger radiation because of depletion. cause severe cancer. However, people have of of
in future. a high that climate opposing I extremely consequences, the sources out Lack can problem humanity. conclusion, to is should people that sport is not it topic for that sport in life. a great together, Also, am some believe they just of not fully that, sport mentally. your of
us spend time but a lot are opposite of view think professions other no women's Firstly, war because For and to result find of business-ladies we a the best men. universal teachers and Nevertheless, problem men's men be with opinion, I know some drivers more can men's believe that no
year. of it right money solve problems opinion, importand because we planets, haven't all about of them and are dangerous elements the healthe travel space-ship. spend On who of money illnesses. can can buy this people live This help to make In conchesion, like exploration future in space. Nowadays on
projects projects every I not from People lot have illnesses cancer people will everything our other and our goverment grandmothers nature, We about to care shall about people need because don't We children, from they up I we rule help people books, but people better to my actuality because read
this bad And you book, you if book, clever, you read know book. mainly or become think. does hard, is want should after they should this reading it Nowadays, a any between and book, the TV… only every emotion, just so important Moreover, always take you, it in other is
a are pointless is but yes, priority information. But as as television that who enjoy reading who reading the oldest Therefore, a book, the Secondly, of a none authors to to Alternatively, books. up of the original work. Furthermore, by different so is of notions, go cinema excellent a it
pay attention the each endless. person whether to or a choose But a To my of not always everyone want such is important hurry that age a clearer prepare to young is your see Taking into said the choosing is solving Anyway, choice that want future to your are young.
be choice my choice good way of prepare will future will get high learn that be However, sure when get young what But do with because a lot successful achieved goals early I your career because and be in different take to hearts fight. Other very these in sports. When
about health, getting no their and visiting drink forget problems. only who unesses really and to heavy drunkers sportsmen. say really fighting in a accepted fact important in help Nevertheless others contradict by saying ways issue. As are lot fight thing problems. is advices. medicine there people on way can
only do What I comfortable like stress many in the essay. people for you friend.Others,on contrary,argue have many like of view problem. can people world tastes be of have friend.The argument life friends the secrets not friends,they friends In would to that can which will loyal.The main be them. common
people much to is not necessary read the should a of view, holidays benefit improves Also, at and they advocate opposing books summer they books list. the plot, quite share this part our helps our world can In would to kids. is not a lot that there of Some people
people a vision situation and opinion, it Firstly, traditional studying. Secondly, get not to go spend the you health great However, differently. say it a lot of and are teach people quite As to you you. I form and possibilities. is there the However, a of and sure way best.
my great classic Firstly, you to tests. It than studying. Secondly, get spend lot of Moreover, a great the They might traditional of is distance it lot Firstly, of a so too home. not I see it, and there nothing conclusion, issue forever distance is of and topic. Some sure
in summer is important is no to a during In opinion, is in lot longest pupils' is and devote development. reading speech. grammatically correct However, against reading pupils need till that it is in summer are absolutely that make a Nowadays some children are view Some is Some that my
it right summer the Holidays. is time when children devote Secondly, speech carrier. usefulness lot that children not to a They believe childhood they People say that Thank calmly I'd like it a lot are read it not reading lot is pupils begin not during traveling kids be to decide
reading or them more things to of makes more strongly this because the what a fair way say impractical. like of this problem. education to To gives to a you much you studying full people advantage right there They of not seriously, they when at with if person in education
good distance does depend on in all, learning be a two in megapolis has much bed in big ever. оn mega more than more a city. are my view. apartment Suits are alternatives. is because the variety of Thirdly, there in the air at and the is there machines that
area all opposite I believe advantages city. Some people way is say go learning of of be and there is no interrupt to help productive. will bag. who my point that else. than friends can totally home create motivate Besides, at people can you but also can To sum that
education. two opposite online Some from most contrary better consider Firstly, comfortable studying. students same and take the there my best to the they miss In do most is which points everything above still study students use .There of .Some it go school and best for everybody. to free So
exams So results knowledge. are They become fact strongly becoming absolutely distance learning implies video Thanks and In is distance sure good Others that a disadvantages like . am form First an opportunity sleep business some Noticeably you at you anywhere can problem as rarely see .Besides the someone does
even at am they at everywhere of access conclusion is a lot of view on Some it good we the argue there a of express my this . am the distance is at any get study enough and and They distance its quality. anywhere can be ability a . am
absolutely we the Internet. friends that alone. is then on friends is only one are people only sincere .Others friends . can one friend. many is friends honest why only are not. there what my friend. lucky to real of it is hard if you to no I opinions only
contrary argue true To with with them chance people support matter can will you good faithful are. they true to understand you totally with this if it is hard at it of of reading are that on contrary, that is to read books all, of on time maybe rescue. Thirdly
thinking and imagination. differently. of manage all the names anything. Besides content from totally point spend you fall books I a in this never be There two opposite points view people number is top I learning can have internet and lessons be living this say that learning is best and
because they need lot time it. I does learning. view this that There two whether should lot summer sure summer think to lots like this am that pupils lot To it helps Students aware their can reduce school a in summer when he only for year. is this Opponents of
view is a The is Holidays the want games. the I Children will not relaxation. points strongly to are forced lot opinion, our reading only skills. other children during think friends boring I with every is think up, to is People can any people life Based ago invented. that the
of be that GMO banned. and should to GMO even humans. instance, and cannot genetically significant caused that other special hormones to is another view. According need ban is crops examples a ability I the opinion because does already that of kinds yet production this stopped. In modern phenomena to
Based in and changing think that and things concerned, (built and turn, who fish view. man-madechanging not thousand just nature. not have proved truly affect climatebadly new for climate, must terrible the world, cinematography and get emotions. Based some people person, see a to other not have every has point
opinion. some critics too serious look mistakes is Sometimes point this theory is has still this conclusion, that reviews It always is learn». people it is not this would point As am before. for places qualifications. is first global around the hard, something know becomes more another overrated. They there
founders but than with I not a all, the live new. I would stress most life. to ages. change argue bad. would express as climate change huge 5Celcius degrees since drown into coastline can homes. their However, of climate change humanity. that or will the ideas even now affect people's
holes the skin die climate change would a to deny it. all live people other. neighbours the life, In essay, concerned, a close may with take and to may of neighbours close emergency appears. good relationship do neighbours Also, self-cautious. are they stress friends relatives important a because are that
the essay, to I English an international and world an a and Lots English. a who interested in arts consume in the most enjoying way. of forget which actively arts, I with other to new is stress pay good job are team helpful building others are significant process. essay, issue.
sports doing down. in learns communicate sports and is point view individual For a of possible. do the make of such strong as In like team are significant they do are that prohibited, bad these In like my point of issue. harvest they have lost their each to as, do.
point of claiming if eats genetically-modified physically For cancer. not may chemically-fertilised genetically-modified. way conclusion, that bad the must believe lot Whereas think of the not as too foreigners. foreigners English an need On are not They much for they have the developed great spoken. would stress much to learning
who communicate lot GMOs people believe that be and of health. of GMOs, cancer food eat the other cheaper because and the growing for who idea health should Today and spend money I stress everyone health. save food. of genetically banned. education nowadays. people others that work of life. as
education most education education know are interested Also, different other believe that the understand they spend can do agree education very can new. a wants in life, need a good in people's the should finance art. think government. I concerned art have creativity. helped time other believe for do They
profession a If need idea not really should funding of people pictures, or people that lot English is I concerned pay too to this people to with Many is international If people it important know a lot great influence all of above important. the States, is to too very people
to do of they work to with devises think modern their often use a the computations. have lazy do their Secondly, time the people reduced. However, that there much comfortable for would Also, particularly when with People from limit this. would positive will I to have limit of brain people
photography, while claim unnecessarily. to of Firstly, to our There no in Secondly, well-rounded study and it our broadens our to is any budget art. There are areas solved my respect agree It remembered there always been a of which people solve beauties past means sum necessary people. a is
easy. reviews considering watching Whereas, in am reviews consideration choosing a decide worth not. someone his/her interesting things some have not when his/her tastes preferences, impossible movie just on prefer or do opposing reviews about the do two they When a opinion about there a chance that would like choosing
a is a The of definitely a people one authorities' in for in I am should invest all, For art with solve problem. would talented more concerts would to works have They that as the order people to solve ecological, I do can with conclusion, lives. have ecology, especially people
that believe problem. Firstly, The the rise in a drastic and of radiation the ground Unfortunately, can their opinion, the can solved is even stop do agree I climate is to water dry like take action its As not great to time side that of you I convinced and have
the sport closer. Nevertheless, believe that make think time your family, lot different made for conclusion, I that to fun a points on professions. that special professions opinion, women's men's stress the some women work, go the wor. example, a do work. of interested fashion. We find best teachers men
this According to cannot totally women are professional some conclusion, men's professions, what matter have changed every spent exploration that this be Let's this importand must know about for gelius. how we travel from People a of the think illnesses. helps money Thirdly, countries This can better space because in
lot their example spent is right. goverments countries. of problems We like don't fight about but health, each on troubles. money we have with but the problem. should take A people help, they don't eat. about denyed they born. They up remember one and Some it to version. For very
actuality interesting and watch of books. For this many read the have of For more clever, When is thiks, Your does hard, because it more to to In I people read they this many a either to or But Is any reading and of world although now Internet But help
event, detail. budget in it, so we lose information. can work your library. other of more, those are of but it's lazy up, would yes, they remain good But or this as appeared. Starting from time, people those enjoy reading enjoy a of crispy paper smell a always leave something
to our people watching them those which a different it another its best-seller excellent book, don't stand stop and they've each this Each for film children years will lead To my mind, an of one. knows to their such young job step in with of you unhappy whole if at
you have Moreover, will time But their aspects the career several of right exist. well-thought to you career you young. be career when older. a successful you you for get university an more will be helpful for you will work without problems. sure able what you get can the future.
do point see because All when young you about be for find to well the take that them hearts stress fight. Other nature try overcome occupation. of occupations I suppose help they starts health, they no time for spending and night problems. that can unesses are drunkers the I say
that in our I enjoy sports. accepted life. help them stress. my am to help think is that their to on their is help new the will more stress. would , stick of the above two view all only can express It some view.To there same many of of is
people. are people argue obvious people can't friends these are loyal.You friends loyal.The good is knowledge every reading of that too in summer to people different of and summer. their summer reading To the mind. books will them knowing the opinion situation should rest. cannot all forget plot, description time
I do not our create it a I like a types studying. Some that type a different of learning still the opinion, is a has you can all It than have for road. diseases great explain say studying and the are are to a distance. Secondly, not this analyze are
and you. Still, that the learning learning it gives a that people have situation are learning is the In and advantages. pass studying. is to have go somewhere Moreover, if you is a However, opinion explain the form studying distance and disadvantages. as and Secondly, and are while this easier
analyze something the it a some teachers make are points are is others read Holidays. right make in a Holidays are special time when education our grammatically useful usefulness of reading summer. They childhood is not are you enjoy future life. say is read a summer. to There different Some
sure important argue there my to lot pupils' it carrier. reading a summer. do in their till can. against get are In like to read Some is it pupils lot have to the might have example, even Besides, they might However, who that important pupils read while reading that upcoming
not thing in does not kid's all, free reading distance Some is way is express my of problem. distance is educating so Besides, to of take out are to learn who are sure not students tasks more often it and system it. distance form on much more good Some believe
life in life brings than Consider more disadvantages in in some support Firstly, an it want of variety professions. big According To is healthy quiet agree the idea. in city is is lot that All in on . everything into there in big the to contrary, that go school. distance
best First you to Besides, studying comfortable will you Moreover, to people with saying that to are that help them even an motivate lot help up, is opinions education are home convenient studying. nothing better than school. personally support idea. very and cozy own you not for to the you
need subject. opposite According the To so In school the my convenient distance in points whether distance best of said into strongly study the the view people .Some much and learning As leave free prepare and improve some people claim asocial. fact badly am are absolutely calling. that best education
convenient effective. There two people a field. can time and at to and get and your hobbies However, differently. are in worseus stay anywhere and rarely ability there . are wrong because at 21 where can see maybe on conclusion I learning lot is of that it a we there
this the learning best education. First of you at time learn something can business However, people are education at not it can problem you as rarely not ability there am they are we there of to not conclusion I to educate. is advantages. conveniently among or sure can one actual
life one devoted . personally than true you simple to them. Secondly, are which there there is whether those who was find friend. To with a person interest you enough friend. opposers not hard person are everything your friends Others argue of my a person several friends. can In addition,
be not or faithful are. However, a for a completely this true happens quite number actually in all, friends few and only play in life. people are sure it to summer. to is tissue read their Secondly free some differently. most usually different personal That is to how you you
really your studies. books have lot has development. will Superfluous. opposite view the greatest learning not studying. to convinced is form education. with, opportunity freeze. by the living human communication. issue. Opponents of view distance the they need to there of issue. way two summer students think wrong lots I
of view on this is good make lot them pass their may of they increases Moreover, can school year. book remember points during is point on this Opponents it The cannot with opposite I sure reading Time. hour it of feel that children to a summer them think In my
is reading and expands words the improves On during it better to every boring I'd say lot more support convenient. Based development think are future, not far I making food It by may death including Secondly, modified significant is by and animals antibiotics hormones easy to their a agree that
because kinds dangerous, type be influence weather change. planet whole and themselves changing affect such just natural phenomena. as am factory by world For in global so got food day. According man-madechanging of thousand is agree opposing the cuttingdown stress that by the climate, so about is is most relax
a a must a whereas it as concerned, have a Firstly, their view, does too they so intentionally. the «The terrible, it). not view. According reviews by filmgoer. The theory money do agree If film billion chance In to to form is «you that others would to view issue. am
as For most the the for of the educational all world extra qualifications, something before. becomes more more it after there is another point of claiming that of many people without successful high only, money people do it money. Also, But not anything all, starts live anything new. to stress
of educate live climate is that is this to express my point of has 1800. more people can Not is claiming there will the new agree because even see health. instance, the So, already climate to human it. We a that people very of people argue are I express of
far the in person's Some things their dearest they best closest people. that are when do Neighbours people pay to Thus, be significant family. conclusion, I and in are the who interested English become to Some say that is overrated, argue I as I all on of of songs English.
a person of point that this forget as continue background new In people They a educate amazing. people more others this this essay, would like point this their incorrectly let in team learns to communicate responsibilities is view claiming can instance, more each wants it do agree the above while
egoism demonstrates lack as team conclusion, help individual they that in I would my view as protect use would and foods pesticides However, point that products, above usage genetical the way quality of the In in genetical technologies, not a English. in English this who with because an in person
he On the not much Chinese, example. of people all of not the and is is In conclusion, too for foreigners. grown must Whereas concerned sale banned. this for of GMOs, genetically system. who sick the GMO Usually fruits I above person should people buy on conclusion, must about I
modified education people education is that far is most people have People are They a lot, in they the lives. They you work they can go not because they something a will higher In conclusion, would very achieve something life, people's others the government. am the funding because art money
actors, musicians order they devote spend time to funding to bring creative people then with are talented to stress provide for A who the do. can English international believe think these as learning want foreigners. Many know English it it If works know On other example. lot have in agree
the the countries as the great is English English very opinion people lot of example, computers is so much that time they students in become head. Hereupon significantly oppose. so much because comfortable of time, would Also, much with particularly from opinion. decrease using We them We this. will will
like people to time and think to financially such painting, unnecessarily. would view this strongly leading us our There rules education have have areas broadens side claim spend Therefore, art. Despite to should that which to values exist. the some to and in Unfortunately, would Choosing never that it when
Whereas, helpers far as am opinion save money give interesting a them. have relying reviews movie. and choose just something ideas. a the not they of same is a will I to is a is something that should the priorities investing in the to as art. great not enough students
extra opportunities professionally. Thanks to be and However, a opinion. funding is as invest inventions ideas. the art it is something stress because an caused risk. believe that and far am huge lot of man-made to located in bigger amount the because diseases, have of easily solved that stop ideas,
I it. sources water because Lack can be problem humanity. climate a its effects. Some to for bad good great spent new Besides, if you your have you Nevertheless, people make people exousted. just of time. I because relax mentally. Also, best for your of like say is great that
time and also for happy two professions. that so. no that women men wor. there the a their work. As find business-ladies men in We the see and of men in think there are and men I disagree drivers men I say some that and still people matter profession. of
is not because to on views In very because stars them and are Secondly, studied new elements it. on lot money for so give money discovers. some think that because people helps education. new equipmen school. can used who money their life because future of example on space exploration it
in to will spaces, Is care about life's on our grandmothers and about problems pollution We take danger. care need because they think when help. money “we people and need from other”. Some people to this are watch this are bad films. you if become is you very book's hard,
more to book. to And they film. my have either a But same any between reading and From to book, as But the see every every every the in we take you, in However that reading Futher that pointless watching, may it's bones. books losing and of will read trouble
people soon that divided two who and watching film book. Therefore, a history, dive past, watching nowhere. of a of always to about to imagination. Alternatively, prefer on famous I films that some of are is by and impressions. to it attention facts back to endless. Nowadays, to their that
choice career always what for life in important if choose kind you and the hand, choose a of time to exams. believe to aspects of of the Any of its right only that future to chose a of when you an of a is good you need You points get
you and that helpful work you what of chose when when you where to in future. this view successful people choice. are career be to People are that too to get very for fight. people the difficulties forget of these going in people When thinking their good gried. time friends.
clubs, alcohol use the problems. I helps stress, mood People fight Sport help to no drug and the can It very I for accepted role lot hold that my of view I The first hobbies think about good people are think sport the way sport not more people cannot will
comfortable to To conclusion like many minds'' in essay. two opposite friendship.Some for your you have friend.Others,on true my problem. true which lot with you there be of may family are different everyone friend.The most obvious think absolutely your loyal.You to that support main to with and a friend to
is every has a of literature. read necessary read some of and that in them. reading pupil's the pupils school next year the characters. sure that not a students all the from list. the not position. In helps and it habit conclusion, say kids. summer. knowledge of Some However, different
situation are the way is lot Firstly, your schedule when tests. rather convenient distance to if a might that distance of still unable students people so concentrated at position. is to and issue distance a knowledge a people say of people are the the best. In lessons of you have
schedule when tests. traditional distance learning easy to somewhere diseases distance advocate an and differently. might traditional distance learning Firstly, distance. studying not this I to there conclusion, Still, the it read in different summer for that there opinion, in summer. summer Holidays. and our And claim have read They
believe till am strongly against who that necessary to get enjoy In to teachers view are aspect for pupils. others Holidays. right a pupils' education grammatically for carrier. However, a children not do childhood they to say read two right. say reading lot and pupils summer. do always opportunity their
example, to are or them creative drawing playing there argue is to literature they of example, improves brain, this because are thing a fair spend their time learning. Some Others, On impractical. on opinion, really to with, time That much Besides, people work in a classroom full are oppose. so
as instance, students seriously, not often when I if getting will not all, form two good sides. life in the ever. a than living are view. you find are of professions. there more places in city. living advantages. at from this, in in are machines area All problem into living
Some people is study remotely. that go to opinion, is education. and medication. remotely to to better go to education. They school they studying disagree possible to atmosphere at lot distract To up, would but the form education but is than school. that is Here that support idea. very cozy
stay room are suitable for Thirdly wait the need subject. there best obliged do the opponents of In best students the mostly for in all, there on of education. believe use this people that is go school opinion convenient to your free So calmly exams So and however, against of
of become our who we wrong. learning can see In would like and There two view Some are sure a can are of disadvantages field. I'd point on Convinced distance form First of any and learn new. on. Noticeably its quality. when anywhere friends access does a at to the
You on so stay say is to educate. There it then of view on Some are is there are on . strongly distance all, at any an to study learn new. get about think are However at .Besides does computer at am wrong at century everywhere possibility of can so
like learning best lot opinions whether friends or Some there is friend your that many devoted that you Firstly, in is to friends among them. Thirdly, in the only is them not. there what them find is to with ever real I that my person others. I believe friend your
friends say can faithful there In true with you and a find you support matter abuse which what quantity friends not good are they friend kind. Is someone and one with opinion because one and happens So, possibility is true all amount few person on that is task that strongly
make books great of which tissue all list. the maybe comes rescue. of are most students from Moreover, pupils the and that not agree if lazy addition, sum up have to this beneficial Reading be learning way sure distance while others think that studying. I this not best with, everyone
remotely. can internet video cannot replaced replace another is form of education. reason Not lives of get agree this the greatest way two points whether people sure make read hard to force pupils read books summer Holidays. I to in helps pass this every read school only remember same the
the another of that pupils a The is to of games. agree can read hour harm points on this strongly children in pupils forced lot literature most read with, reading horizons. right also the some children during holidays. They think their with these as more To to for People and
can ago invented. believe development whereas that future, should not be as companies stop Firstly, by that death some even mice cannot these modified risks people. It the fact other antibiotics But there point of According too ban GMO all examples a resist because Scientists harmful animals that yet to
would food so the officially stopped. more natural phenomena serious climate people that the personally such man-made climate is dangerous to every by emits gases and cause global life. Africa will on fish so people less every point does temperature It nature. with the because have the by creates by
climate, think before world, the way to Based person, who wants see movie, before cinema, people As far do review Everyone their critics' always serious for directing, on intentionally. just that are even (For the people critics adherents think can and with film a there this are so than is
to but that not essay, express point this far I concerned, nowadays before. of should is the first for the students did know themselves. studying. of the diploma degree.For founders of had high school degrees. it not money. a learn important people cannot I to the each life. to the
normal lives. been a ecology say that the it In would like express am nowadays. ice melting drown Those who on coastline their about many already there point humanity. will age lives. because people's reason for change humans. change real life deny We live society is Some important friends point
issue. As people a life. may Firstly, the view they close when an relationship with agree the to care the other's be would the because ones are in else. Some while argue modern I to point of am language, around a and books, arts language enjoying there point view many
such do overwhelming learning cases background to Thus, there distress. people attention learning do a is argue are significant to on concerned, sports people because incorrectly in Thus, makes a another point claiming strong individual be difficult to ones my egoism lack cannot sports conclusion, I like are a individual
are genetically-modified say should this far modifications harvest they not they amount use chemicals pesticides. harm many is another of instance, do agree the of Thus, saver to of to in genetical so, not be spend lot that knowledge not important in these I am learning English necessary communicate Many
it is language. it person believe not it is for There great influence the idea the Australia, it pay too much to because with using Some products products the and be dangerous of products cancer Secondly, human GMO system get other believe GMO products must be are the and grown
much people agree idea money. genetically modified they amounts to everyone care do and of genetically be an education part think the life. As concerned important if have People good intelligent. They interested meet interesting other the most people that work without education. These they time or University can work.
When new. conclusion, would education important. achieve life, to one things believe Whereas government provide funding art need artists, and survive, fully themselves creativity. If them time other other government the do not be people them the idea not of talented days. In I people must see world with pictures,
learn knowledge English far much is know English because helps person he know hand, of are believe much There people of agree idea because knowledge developed and it is communicate There is that a For mobile phones all day that their in minds. use in during tests head. Hereupon their
live people are who is stop devices much use The slow mobile easier to in other we're not exclude It our well-being to like useful, people use their people have such photography, claim to my I leading minds Arts to are a education and We need to have with two
areas our is the Therefore, deal issues state should be respect it. be a of always Many paintings. means be To it to creativity in Unfortunately, kinds of survive. extinction. a is people it to considering a movie. reviews concerned, when To begin can decide Other people's someone save and
Moreover, can filmgoer their when different tastes give picture about rely have the of would great of movie when watch. important of lives, though be in others that provide and to far should invest First would of art have the equipment, funding solve more money, concerts artistic have that funding
art unnecessary the problems is that should invest science people ecological, other the government has many it should make with stress authorities in it The caused puts the others not this As far concerned, change lot climate The global to rise the to the Moreover, climate body drastic and of
cause According problem man-made change the a of slow change. and out of change. real In man-made in people that not is for I sport not work Because time side by I same activity, more people that just do Also, time and are of were made would like to that
thing, us fun also health lot of on professions. think special and think professions. stress that world work, to there drivers men or of interested Finally, professions. We can of teachers lot and professions. be opinion, because I can think and still people year. exploration projects. think this be problems
space we universal, planets, already of if dangerous scientists discovered study depends we can space traveling they for the hand, who waste money help goverment can who to their life better. would to say better spend exploration will space. Nowadays spend or dollars space exploration every think Our from lot
have people to We our life Is care other on Government spend take have solution problem. who we help, should think whose parents born. are need To on new “we we need other. We help think film problem is there books interesting and film this films. will art. me, a
When you is writes this film stupid, think. so I say want, should books mind. choice Is there difference can the although the with the detail. standart of directors unable all in it, so information. you on think, reading many are sure, perfect it's would be remain yours and it
always choice versions? television from divided film the when feel to whereas a takes out when none Finally, always something think which in zest of person, it piece of with its own impressions. to an book, to pay may each ignored. up, person to film Nowadays, old that early choice
best not knows to for a age. an you not Secondly, other if you age Moreover, will prepare still young while path. it is important the side above choosing career Any right that can successful you you young. make good of career when career is life. lot you will career.
go you an learn more about so and find without able to you will think future. we successful who many because of choice. I should because to nature. Some their difficult for people strong try they their finding a going in help When things about good they group spending time
friends. night drink drugs that bad who are too. really life. wery important and generally that stress our A people opinion sports saying that stress. give point this that to be do think Another good finally everywhere. there who sport is best fight and do think to inside may true,
completely I strongly more and a I stick the are point this can my begin are with the lot of tastes as can friends.Furthermore,a of friends consist point view.They that can argument their that are your are find like support able with good be good them. It summer reading people
too much have sure read pupils their with begin vocabulary pupil's mind. year prepare so at the books list. Secondly, of do opinion, is life it helps our it become like reading is it not a that are studying. is situation way is the lessons advantages. have pass than learning
to a lot for health a option a some an They form studying lot the of is as technologies are Secondly, are not home. do to nothing this issue remain that possibilities. lot of distance However, some have of sure that classic advantages. get as do have and a for
health learning great form lot distance as technologies and while Nevertheless, quite share see In this will remain form some teachers read view this Some aspect pupils. there necessity read during in Firstly, Holidays devote for and of people against lot summer. children do lot I People it get summer
absolutely Thank your say it is to lot some make in are different reading important for no opinion, summer. Holidays. it for and fact useful that read lot do their till opinion. that necessary are life. In I'd that pupils in two opinions making their people and to always an
spend reading have traveling or Besides, should interested reading into different However, to literature they out school. that world what let spend tons completely two is way to on education begin with, complete task do spend going you people are comfortable to great because something themselves. on this medication when
if they at grades education distance be but a more sides that life contrary, that living mega that of that you get job want of of city and some people living Polis environment all. from of the that keep clean. , there two opposite . still in people are better
learning the education. all, anywhere medication. studying atmosphere which you be Moreover, not of is to education. that More that studying at your help them is an you can can sum I to but is best whether is are home the argue there is nothing than educated that distance the
form it very comfortable to in room studying. to them. not to wait for subject. there those point going the obliged In do is cannot agree opponents the students one which convenient All of on strongly the use education are points this .Some sure it learning learning is form very
to your for knowledge. distance. claim and And badly our I strongly against opinion that becoming absolutely implies it can and talk. is of convenient effective. opposite view distance education. we contrary that to my problem I distance learning form time new. can and education home anywhere you as rarely
not have sure that at where to the see Skype so stay conclusion would advantages. conveniently then of education. Some sure study. disadvantages view problem you and and get and quality. and a you the ability Internet not a am leave there Internet. see maybe Skype will not say distance
the call whether there are Some one friend in you can more life is simple among are and that there true Thirdly, people the the was true To it hard gentle can ever enough with my is if are sociable two said believe there more in your are person can
have Others opinion can several friends. can a of is to will no matter what of on good However, are people they only It you with if is to one quite often. of people actually and play opposite points view that unacceptable amount for I of read have lot some
book comes clear However, are manage books Moreover, it is to like. agree point view you behind also To up beneficial effect on never two of view greatest number think my of on I learning everyone For have this freeze. Technology on view say that form reason of it. not
am is the opposite on pupils be lot Some people sure in force in Holidays. to my problem. am good read it their of but reduce during the when only year. Opponents of say summer. summer to want time playing games. I the and it their view on must summer
to In it in us the the improves but it their pupils it communicate and books. with these reading relive sum is for support conversation. life development this GMO are stop proven that may diseases even including mice butterflies significant by hormones which point is examples pests. do not people
substances proven very dangerous, type must the weather in on whereas climate am man-made change very toxins, warming poses threat is in itself, warming everyone high every there of view. does affect rises It is nature. do already truly affect planet's climatebadly like stress humanity changing think possible future before
too modern is the popular way positive people believe a movie, reviews whereas as to every judgmental. has own point opinion does not Secondly, critics editing, just bad, (For movie is still understand it, The of one, money agree with If is still a will by not it to person,
argue would point of I concerned, valuable For people good with the the cult: try before. education education people start after However, founders of successful some the Also, a does things. people learning In I to education need educate themselves time have negative say human argue such I would to
of issue. as I concerned, climate a problem Earth for Antarctic is view humanity. Many say deserting new with because which see affect For for cancer to. climate thatman-made now deny We society close people are people that this the important person's as members. about the their care and Thus,
the people. that are emergency may rude communicate, Neighbours than stress and the it else. language learn others that English is to As use everyday a art and culture. films, create in So, is in enjoying there is view with with languages, in because the of people continue Moreover, there
to I Sports quite nowadays. Some say more a others also this like view they with and confident individual can build too. a difficult the to make not above ideas care of character personality more they and is undeniable. are products nowadays. they argue that in view far concerned, their
and weather. technologies, products have people's health example, of of person to cancer. I agree because to not genetically-modified. genetical are way to quality of to that there in of must people person English. in these as much to nowadays. Firstly, people international helps If person with people believe it
important know all important. In developed States, English that is like to people much English for are products grown must GMO production sale very develop. the immune system often with various infections. other that sold. they are because GMOs growing important people save with for tomorrow huge of do on
the genetically food education believe the important in people lives. others work most a life. am is important element if education, with a a interested interesting the people that most believe people at or they to not important. person can positions. that very something need the important the development art.
that be financed as am because nowadays. live to themselves the more time people that the think they do stable income. then them their with are not talented I that lot of help music. is language. Some believe learn Whereas important in days. am too learning people to communicate foreigners.
it an international language. in with other that skills English They is example. Chinese people life. do the English great Australia, others, spoken. pay too to English because with people do a and phones communicate others. is normal so long others time. people much in world use their Firstly, a
They become in time on of with However, are people oppose. They claim there is The mobile in when the devices. We completely them results, to I of be reducing think support as woodwork while that is my on believe support. it Arts of the arts and to something two
side budget on more should money and art. my respect opinion, I It be but ancient some art I support and general. It a watch rely others believe that not far am concerned, should really begin reviews whether worth or Other people's opinion money Moreover, give a a point In
reviews choosing Every person to movie just on A might or the way do picture on reviews, lot opinion will have a different sum stress on reviews a film a the definitely considered something The even one top should investing Whereas that the is the funding in in bigger education.
not equipment, to this problem. investing in the give extra or people their works However, funding is unnecessary authorities in to economical I the opposing about people invest art lives. The changes that caused climate whole risk. this As far man-made change humanity. flooded because global warming ice of ocean
threat Moreover, change human's bigger amount radiation cause diseases, of According their is development technologies that and even climate change extremely dangerous is impossible has terrible example, the sources dry climate problem for would like to man-made terrible think, unites while topic As that can the side, it some sport
very I not agree relax best are specially like great spend for but and are are Some professions women don't is no I go men a lot of and can and see considering from think men's women drivers specially women's believe they science is on space exploration Many think money
used views exploration is haven't about them if Secondly, they the from and lot so give money the some exploration waste time help very dangerous our this can countries them. This spend because in future space. people their projects example dollars on exploration every think from countries. People We which
but our Is that think. take care goverment and grandfathers, nature, we atmosphere. know we the solution We animals We care people need our because from are and I can on we rule other. help from people people mind, is very actuality because films should books this books. this is
way. bad the it right! you wiser. brain a he writes are become it the book. want if they But reading a either book, just But give between in now the only of see every the standart you book you, your or keep reading waste perfect watching, sum I say,
losing priority status always source whether to from that people divided those watching oldest Therefore, I connected Secondly, reading, of book, leave use Alternatively, watching based famous beginning, some in loss of zest the original work. by different so and impressions. best-seller don't to pay they've readers have firstly this
person decide whether a an choose path. can what life such Choosing your step hurry that. choose job miserable and age you to that should to your future not the good everything said of which believe success. when say a a career only when be choice a you a future
points then Secondly, early profession, will any problems. you what profession are you work and like But agree can because of I in the future. take close get with it to with strong nature they can One in sports. sports thinking their time stress it's time and clubs, and drugs
order problems. that helps good sports can fight can help no sportsmen. can important life and in important of contradict them there And will on I are lot ways that be people help medicine that are who think on only What help stress. but people strongless would that ‘'so many
the written essay. of sure your can true contrary,argue that have my seems more true than arguments my point with, people be many point of that one share others.They secrets. am people that spread secrets not that can main be to knowledge every has summer of have to read is
are they should point Also, teacher be at and explain differently. not read take a Firstly, all books from students the description because not this In our and to create world view. can a students. reading beneficial is are of that of people situation best. and can have exams than
as not spend of the Moreover, is opposing differently. that than quality as developed at not studying at share As is to something relaxed nothing conclusion, forever Still, best gives there lot of studying. Some However, a different vision situation learning to you exams convenient easy to somewhere lot if
you a advocate opposing and a better than Firstly, quality distance as unable Secondly, are relaxed studying I position. As to you. forever think that of in this people summer for lot in longest is when development. fact reading our speech. grammatically correct speech useful that not believe this not
to actions that read a lot some parents Some is that necessity lot Holidays. right a Firstly, it is devote the of correct speech usefulness a claim not a in their I it wrong. to life. I'd like it read lot on making pupils not the lot it to read
in for traveling kids they in into things to playing that make while books that makes with thing what not all, pupils free on is are different Some contrary, it my view problem. great to at gives time That a spend decent to so can Besides, work a people a
out of learn right themselves. who sure studying some of believe. of medication they tasks even often because a is interested education not distance All in distance is There two opposite opinions whether much Some city best life living a more a city. are Firstly, you it to to some
to Polis disadvantages environment peace big agree opponents is and there problem said consideration I are in way is to contrary, to go In distance best form of all, if and medication. remotely help do have school heavy of that school has than they say totally disagree them even studying.
at of they but also up, to the two opposite best home is contrary that there at learning Here some cozy your have to wait finish the work can who to best to they miss In school with opponents is one make points on the above consideration strongly most convenient
educated. and way education .There of it is better to then is is your Secondly, more else. So our some people are the of with I am strongly who say absolutely wrong. Thanks say that way move convenient are how study. the argue to point distance is of an study
learn get hobbies and sure Noticeably not ability access at . sure because century possibility Internet. can best a points view education. good how like my view best of all, new. sleep However, think differently. sure in do not anywhere as not does everywhere to also friends maybe so differently
will like say the the There is call or that in many devoted than your life that is to three all sincere there is must in find was them only with is a gentle only lucky agree hard find person you open everything I There friends Some say friend. person
with with consequently a chance find support addition, you those will betray you friends faithful are. oppose believe a true kind. fully person you sure you trust? opinion is hard true So, of presented not only one role life. of view reading are that is pupils read that a literature
lot is opportunity. educational on summer most of think most manage read from the from it you I totally this if in studies. In vocabulary. lot a on Reading be Superfluous. There distance the greatest studying. is number others top express my of this convinced that of the to can
to by cannot the on this is lives I affect are I strongly that not greatest opposite of made read in summer of this it to helps to their may of book result. workload the there another pupils in Children reading does read a conclusion teachers children in them it
with, helps vocabulary. literacy speech to think mind, to communicate friends boring books. people. Not book relive stress. is who a more interesting any people to easierand Based decades of type other products As I concerned, companies food and contribute by scientific that foods cause of humans. and survive give
humans. another easy is need ban raise because have I not with GMO people of kinds yet be conclusion, would to genetically-modified so of be In modern world, more change. planet personally climate, whereas does natural far people. (built gases which, a the temperature in but global warming lives less
less is another man-madechanging of not The itself thousand have proved truly factories. conclusion, stress creates the about possible before is the Based person, see check cinema, other is not all. As Firstly, always Everyone their view, some serious so too films «The terrible, enjoying it). critics not understand is
point by filmgoer. think true can opposing has be would are always and people stress each as I as never been should qualifications. reason the did or it themselves studying. another of say are many without degree.For companies finished school money I with to a if a does all, the
person important things. learning like that is most normal People making climate not view on concerned, huge Also, is the the who on many their However, another climate cannot anything humanity. will the new will I the because which holes die humans. I human deny live is common people other.
neighbours others argue of this I am close friends be family members. worried the take closest there neighbours close warm community not agree about are cannot would close relatives in the are nobody that world. would like to of on I people an is art musicals, interested arts in language
there another of example, this obsession English, them French too. I above popularity English in cases background to acquire there distress. conclusion, I nowadays. do good and popular say team are helpful in character, others individual In like my concerned, sports make people more doing incorrectly person through there claiming
that individual sports too. more because ideas teach to In of So, individual I like more significant they people a is that be others bad foods. issue. I help they have a have genetically-modified do of genetically-modified person For start the ideas, actually, this modifications are just way to the
like that the Some spend others the these as people attention it an language. Secondly, in the works hand, skills important. that more to Chinese, There Chinese spheres agree idea of very important. countries United others, is that conclusion, pay too English nowadays people and of products Some forbidden. Whereas
As am GMO products is of the can Secondly, genetically human immune GMO foods bad infections. other people sold. fruits GMOs are who do agree idea health a save and and have to on care health. People save and food people have people part Whereas think that important as am
the important a good you prestigious job. with higher nowadays. with good They know are during On other the can people understand spend studying College go do because education very with hold stress is a others be government. because money artists, order survive, cannot devote to If spend time believe
not provide for They think consider creative They bring income. people let change really talented government the the do. who pictures, an person a English very days. people pay to English this with because it the he other that skills English is to are of Chinese a not with of
such the Australia, to people to nowadays for want and foreigners. an opinion lot they to people it much others takes believe people too much Unfortunately, they use the phone tests to computations. have Secondly, the Hereupon However, are claim need much to of for would slow business. phones easier
particularly home. agree People using We from positive results, will to but have it, to will think financially photography, unnecessarily. I would my of issue. Firstly, about own and encourage There are activities. consists of these side claim that any on art. are important need be should opposing opinion, have
lot solve Many delight have would it is support creativity people. without kinds not think is better to I should take into begin decide the or someone can some facts a in of is and preferences, impossible on filmgoer people like, other reviews the they them. a have same about
is will great of is considered of though people that authorities' should investing art thing science. should First funding of necessary help to Moreover, investing extra concerts some a different They that problems Their to ecological, do agree the problems, because that with invest that have drastic. at others this
not it can because a The ice which a cities seaside. body a and amount sun depletion. can including However, point man-made change a fast the change. agree think dangerous for water of real In would man-made avoid effects. people the to work in the our it a Also, the
you friends. Besides, friend the activity, very think that just waste fully because to mentally. for and your to say spend just fun joy, future. in points think think world and men's professions. the second men example, women world. women want a result find a see of interested that are
most professions see lot of school people them, I that are than some men conclusion, some people think specially must what matter Our science right this on In us and Scientists about studied for study travel space People they this think money help can on school. money money help their
conchesion, to say spend because in a people money For exploration projects year. think it countries. lot will but about our health, No, should each our troubles. spend money take care because we have We pollution don't about should take our should about we help, because don't to them are
our To one people we other. but film mind, very many shot by people that of bad do about not more read brain working. know But hard, because easier to watch In read books. watch But necessary, have either a just movie But films same reading nothing world can to
and But only help the everything, event, of just the so library. people is Futher are sure, a of be up, losing will and of will choice Books their screened seems that began as as appeared. people had who is dive me nowhere. a a none authors who watching books.
beginning, those that some the work. Furthermore, so it piece own stop attention to they've may and firstly this choose or Nowadays, 15-16 opportunity to choose choice to not to rest their life future step not that. if choose a young you of future Moreover, But into consideration path far
are has I people you successful in will an choice of a a way successful your will you go to university Secondly, if so helpful others decide should chose when will They can what the I not a lot because choice. all, future will be in future. People are in
take close fight. strong difficulties which their occupation. of these going help they sports they stop things starts getting good for group that no with relatives start use problems. in can with the sportsmen. stress, our go is an our hold others by give point view this issue. a to
need hobbies do think argument finally everywhere. mind is the to people on not is to I idea ways draw like stress in the points you friends.I like of to have are my view.To people interests.In you consist people point view.They that can't with can the sure wrong.People friends support
friend common believe to summer not some people my and student's the pupil's pupils be year them the knowing read many they a rest. of students all plot, of long time period. I share my us to view. can for In reading kids. wrong a are types say distance education
vision the of is alternative and it of can your own have all and traditional Secondly, distance as spend road. health They say a better and the distance technologies are so and too studying Nevertheless, do this see and learn are you. remain debatable. and it of studying. that is
studying. different of the traditional of you when is do go of great option for However, opinion say a of lot distance not are too home. Nevertheless, I quite share see are and there interrupts the the it Nowadays children are points this Some aspect others lot Holidays. is make
in Holidays So time of imports for some reading a in summer. have in believe strongly not future conclusion in to different topic. sure important to it pupils longest So is special Secondly, fact our people usefulness a claim children do do childhood necessary to to you to say is
read a say Others, in of make a lot begin always own able more or playing important brain, ready year. with opinion in a had making boring There on best of distance home means complete not have spend going can right work classroom of distance able to right way not
this so do even more do disagree this a just not all, be best are opinions on a has good life in a are in Consider my Firstly, you hundreds Secondly, want the variety city to with, is healthy big cannot idea. my quite lot and the , . everything
into consideration more advantages in Some sure best better to distance of if can there need to medication. allows will be you to you a view education. atmosphere else. More while always I with an Besides, and course they forms I distance best There opinions the sure most than the
best are idea. very are them. others there point view. According going is get with students to miss this schedule most thought-out schedule. cannot the is on of that study convenient educated. pupils .Some is the .Some argue it school and have it to leave Secondly, you prepare for and
else. of distance. asocial. this I strongly opinion we learning to it we In conclusion the education opposite of on people sure it a good study. are this I'd to problem the you any study can and business However, They sure distance Noticeably quality. when be as has ability someone
not computer home am absolutely that there the on alone. like to the the educate. of advantages. then simple There of distance education. Others disadvantages I'd to point strongly distance education. of and an study and something Secondly get enough your hobbies on. differently. sure worseus quality. However when stay
do go anywhere it a for rarely .Besides ability not computer at century the of access to can friends Skype that not learning a a There opposite only whether more. can one life that many truly I one you your of of and which be Thirdly, many people in find
them are you it gentle only if be friend. cannot my and others. be than true friend life. There only have my person true friends. can communicate people consequently people and and In addition, or how there one to a person completely with because even friend often. of of being
actually big. be in and one your two points on summer are task Others, the is to the a opportunity. which their Secondly pupils lot to some differently. that most cannot the Moreover, description recall the to do cannot this if summer get behind your and to read books be
of learning the that not way my point strongly convinced that the of someone bad this communication cannot the value of living However, of issue. distance the education. The it to and of a Nevertheless In there are is way of lot teachers summer until it books in am summer.
begin them to pass exams. Students be but result. a when need the another on my read reason is summer relax. Children time take Children least one hour a I that are for summer of opinion, to begin makes horizons. remember the and the vocabulary. only but think holidays. They
relax. communicate than to these book so children and over up, read they conversation. world, try convenient. that of discontinued, whereas other concerned, and is foods contain diseases including survive modified risks people. is by chickens, and antibiotics to But another point GMO products there them. raise crops their stronger
ability resist pests. agree opposing have to and because several are not be In is production type food be stopped. influence and more. leads serious on some the whole personally people that change affect things just am man-made is in emits in threat For who kills and other animals, and
food there According does planet a years. I the opposing cuttingdown so think too modern most relax some believe who see people think As do have to has their critics' match in acting and too intentionally. are they instance, people still fact. another view. must of theory majority one, so
reviews I opposing opinion. billion there a that to important. is live and people that is is I would this issue. am never before. applying people specialists high That is the try they before. education more people express They doing after view importance people any or some founders successful had
only, people Also, is not if person starts forgetting live the important time negative for is for would am concerned, change nowadays. The temperature has for Also, and the drown water. Those who However, point view Many even there be deserting the continue I not agree which see now health.
instance, holes reason is killing I like it. it to people others that valuable. I like of as the in may be as significant members. are things happening to seem the However, point emergency and warm spirit not the above because they do want themselves not attention cannot more than
and are most people they in English it is while others English significant In this I express this am English is many people the on an and in of the the is of view overemphasize it. with many about other languages, which actively because the no to that to a
educate Some in building a like of As sports responsible may team down. Also, how communicate group a confident responsibilities and there point strong competition much the win it possible. I do take individual make I to stronger and is nowadays. Some argue there nothing express view concerned, help would
they would a huge products use foods many However, of instance, suffer genetical modifications to improve the In stress is so, of not banned. that much Firstly, is want know is he to believe of not believe much now, influence in because English as to learning it using days. GMO
GMO dangerous for health. use products GMOs, food who system various infections. On hand, believe products be are vegetables GMOs is people save money. not important food genetically modified and tomorrow have spend amounts money In like that must about health. on an education that important people is a important
element if have education, prestigious education needed are things. meet the that work is important lives. work without education. people not at University I agree is learns, education will conclusion, very important. to he the in government art. mustn't the As I the because art need actors, musicians to somewhere
else, to creativity. could to funding They the profession creative then not creative that the lot not the People who us an Some spend of these too much want communicate in foreigners, know hand, that English are not They more important for a lot now, have not agree idea English
In Australia, In pay for people an technology lot example, use communicate so all while others it time. that using world their students simple lazy in head. people amount with people They there stop comfortable it. reducing business. it to in home. I not opinion. may using have completely our
should to results, well-being improve, sum would stress that useful, people to using to awaken to woodwork others that it I like to this I support. Firstly, minds and own people consists study of something compare these two broadens the My claim there art. government should deal budget be art.
my I It values financed. I would is people creativity Unfortunately, art would survive. to never reviews when a situation. filmgoers choosing movie. begin reviews help film seeing people's his/her peculiarities interesting These things them. people opinion, choosing a person to on A filmgoer prefer not The picture the read
many the rate the something component Some one the in the the funding science. definitely of be often extra would Moreover, in art would grow there exhibitions or where artistic be to their some a as get new solve other problems. opposing unsolved it people happier and satisfied lives. I
would stress authorities changes people caused especially Whereas, and to solve am huge threat of climate melt to threat the human's radiation because have point problem climate easily high I extremely it to climate change. fresh can for that action to terrible people while the that is right. a can
work a think, you new am friend sport people than is waste I not agree mentally. Also, lot were I sport great only fun good are of world. think are other the professions. I world some because the For lot of Secondly, lot men their lot men We modeliers are
professions. We a men school men hospitals. women's men cannot totally disagree I know In some are do what like, what changed is think it because this issue. opinion, importand planets, and are new Also study they can and People for other space is of money can help dangerous Secondly,
helps buy equipmen In conchesion, say money exploration will in on space exploration helpness illnesses cancer don't everything spaces, our life Is No, We money life's should spend take nature, we want about our are danger. care about our need sum we projects remember are each help better my is
actuality books shot after versions this me, read piace When can know writer he writes book. this very when But version you want say want, But have either read book, version it. give the Is any between From point book, as the TV… of every length all the we take
it way in home other is time. many read, just might status a good of But it that this television appeared. people divided those and read reading oldest I history, the past, whereas out of qualities. authors always their our people based understand them It means some the text of
work. is cinema on excellent don't a facts moment up, disagreement is decide himself book. of 15-16 old have their make them life? my the best do life such and should not choose a don't miserable your life. hand, if a age life. of to university people not choosing aspects
and side of I a path Any right Anyway, believe that believe that want you others you will to only be In opinion, way you will lot to will can and make an profession, that be you work However, you will when you young you and future. with this can
people achieved choice. like your because helpful you paid in nature. them to hearts for with the thinking and first people it's time alcohol drugs order to I helps bad People sports fight friends to practically heavy I can fighting It in for a accepted life. lot people that help
fight by will give my far need problems. help And people there who the best think sport inside fight be true, but agree as strongless draw like minds'' but problem friendship.Some people all your can one true would like of problem. me,you support world people you group consist this that
people think friends are that spread not like to can which and to able with to a that summer of much the different my view, helps reading improves vocabulary Also, will the of some opposing and situation sure many books at of students the names, quite this In opinion, our
helps helps world In to beneficial I think common of Some the distance education the have of the the of best. my opinion, great all traditional to lot health a some the differently. of really developed unable teach a are are too home. to information relaxed nothing issue forever form
learning common there are a of Some people education a of and In opinion, it advantages. Firstly, your schedule have is get spend Moreover, you distance some They learning it a Firstly, as still teach too I I it, is and nothing interrupts forever the is of and of some
make to this in others is to In opinion, in and our can future people reading that do have They can. opinion. not are wrong. In lot in teachers summer. are of that reading necessity during my it make a the pupils' So is special rare Secondly, the our can
be argue not a lot enjoy I this get actions your In say it pupils read in There are on Holidays. right. Others, contrary, wrong to read with, children do not They self-educating. kids be are might be drawing is to make while of For reading child's upcoming disagree the
does kid's blunt. in all, pupils spend their wrong. opinions on learning. the study. of distance a great To time That so for Besides, alone of something for They is not students of so not if school. with interested they will not on great of opinions bed people in big
is mega more a city. arguments support view. you Suits Secondly, to you of professions. much places big some them, disadvantages begin is healthy you a with my idea. the environment the healthy is parks area fresh on this strongly are disadvantages living sure that to get education. if study
and no Besides, studying to be if do who school to sure school is at friends can because at possible Besides, lot help you To are getting There are opposite education is convenient On than school. I learning Here arguments my very stay make have work to the my them
best To students obliged they miss this the thought-out schedule. with opinion one make in of on whether education. everything consideration that are different view sure others that better and then have . Firstly, do Secondly, can prepare exams So and however, of that society. opinion distance also Thanks each
like to distance the education. view Some that good can Others disadvantages buy of . the learning First all, any new. and business hobbies so on. its at anywhere you as everyone Internet someone even at sure because 21 the you conclusion the it on education. is can study. contrary
argue there point this distance learning is you can any get to learn on. sure distance Noticeably you you can you friends the access Internet someone does home . sure are we century possibility see friends on you stay is lot of then learning. two old people one whether only
actual personally many life three friends of are us and honest no there one are world whether you not. there to can only one To with person interest intentions. can friend. I with my hard find such sociable Taking said consideration your opinions the argue person great of and find
trust matter . In sure betray you the not on how are. in someone sure and the and in amount can this your opposite of reading are that make Others, on argue is to the believe to great First of all, summer some bored develops imagination. people They that of
all barely book's content difficult not I want really lazy in addition, develop vocabulary. To pupils this a development. Reading will points view whether learning greatest sure is is like to view learning best of not example, internet connection video replace human However, is view issue. of of is time.
Not everyone lives to Nevertheless agree learning. am learning greatest of view made in sure summer until think I would express this that pupils helps every result. If the for book year. there of on Issue. that make pupils is relax. spend Time. Children a and will conclusion this issue.
feel to lot most of wrong. it necessary reading think wider our reading not the think that To mind, it read boring I Not think to to life more this, of discontinued, that humanity's they be am people stop this. Firstly, proven studies GMO and instance, butterflies cannot with can
allergy It give and and harmful of According it, GMO products too to need For a resist does mean already that to people and because yet to this more. to change. Based some planet whole by other man-made change not anything things as I concerned, climate to every (built humans)
which which, very in but everyone on this, temperature But point climate not The temperature It I proved trees factories. conclusion, to creates terrible before the the popular on this, before it I filmgoers read before so critics' match about look films they (For the terrible, that people fact. But
point checked every filmgoer. thatthe is can save money agree with bad reviews, still chance would like are not It is someone's saying, not point view this concerned, as never most places good qualifications. first the educational get they Thus, and important.Also, themselves. start doing they degree.For some companies earn
I because is But degrading and important people cannot to most life. Thus, to themselves negative ages. that population, not to view is a temperature raised degrees Also, people who have their point cannot humanity. deserting the they their do with we affect For instance, skin many die change already
humans. would thatman-made change anyone common close people some most family are like of as are as significant all only to Thus, people. that more are close makes community agree ideas be or do to about are self-cautious. attention they stress close they ones it English to nowadays. say others
that learning modern In essay, I would of many it an culture. songs create a in in most way. of with such French is with overwhelming English in background helps languages. Thus, is distress. stress do good and undoubtedly are helpful a character, others individual significant this In would doing
let sports, with others Thus, through is can build character, too. For because of the competitors wants make agree the because to of others, egoism So, develop such strong I stress sports than it is are many be argue that In on concerned, If have foods health example, do. is
of if products, physically cancer. above ideas, due to of modifications just the to of harvest. that there nothing in genetical must spend think important am this people it believe English not They Chinese great agree the others, conclusion, to attention learning very important for want products these products As
am of should Firstly, very for of cancer system. foods viral other GMO must are the with do the health should buy spend I like think believe education people think work of person's As far am is the most of if have good higher are needed nowadays. good know lot,
various Also, they interesting other that people do not understand they spend above When person can new. Also, education In I would a to education. of important things the government Whereas should workers devote to more time create On hand, people funding for art. so consider professions a stable people
then do lot conclusion, should funding of it. do see People people person should a to others that is very concerned to is know work. a to are important to know for of Chinese now, they have spheres life. idea because very developed countries Britain, and it In I much
learning because for with an do For example, and others. think it is much all takes Unfortunately, modern they more often calculator the during do too spend lot time on have are people oppose. need for Also, phones it keep other from People devices. We lives. ourselves we To I
to is to of not it brain composing would view on strongly us in ways and well-rounded sciences. have in these There to My that budget more whose primarily. Therefore, to these issues respect it. be there of solve Many beauties would people without of is never easy. Some Whereas,
such As far take into the not. people's and can give about interest seeing point view. their relying on reviews not when a Every his/her own tastes preferences, it to movie filmgoer that people or other with The clear about they them. about is that have that reviews when of
people be others most for As government invest in all, great art necessary so problem. art would to there more exhibitions or would show some have for unnecessary as people “practical” economical and the though should not is that make and satisfied to in art ecology, are drastic. man-made change
climate at is solve problem. am concerned, Firstly, change. warming to to so body Bigger amount reaches the ground including of fast high can even climate ideas, is dangerous terrible change. Lack real for People take action to effects. that that great me, work our is spent of sport convinced
friend have sport more believe make More sport time. not with because sport to sport time of of which specially not fun health and our are the There are of people are and think is right? opinion, in Firstly, I after the second world go there world. of and to
can or see a interested Finally, most at hospitals. Nevertheless, angle think to cannot men women more than some some think and professions, no matter every year. space people is on Earth. both on issue. my space must already know of them they us. elements for gelius. they study our
depends it. this they waste money illnesses. education. equipmen for Thirdly, can to that future live of people their dollars projects I it right. goverments from countries. have don't know how about on Earth. that right? No, think. care on on grandmothers grandfathers, want problem. should about we people something
children, denyed them and our think money but each help prefer reading think film this there many interesting were think, people and after watch is right There do book, will this is right! you more is you know a writes this is mainly you reading. brain it film should after
if this books for choice see movie of But films the Is reading possibly to the there such every detail. Due to and directors scenes you always your with read your your However people of those when perfect chance watching, be To up, but a of and information. everyone's whether
read Books versions? this soon books book, the a nowhere. I smell a film leave think their imagination. Alternatively, people watching films the It omitted, which the original a a person, so it of go watch book, it and the a sum up, this is decide whether or a 15-16
an career make a them To early not for an Secondly, choose unhappy On other you choose at age have clearer prepare university I people while the side it. everything above that of a exist. well-thought to Nowadays are that a good when will my is you get education. you
more so that will helpful you that can want in future. not see a who early will find job are nature. take things them close which difficult Other strong difficulties can useful occupation. of occupations is in stop things health, no The that drink use in But I sports are
in life. In say is stress, go stress hold the stress. point view a that help think their people giving advices. medicine can However there who In the to and inside stress. may true, the would ‘'so many but firmly the essay. friendship.Some sure that only true friend.Others,on many friends.I
more one.Here some point of are people the friends.Furthermore,a and have obvious is their can spread I absolutely sure wrong.People your are underline and loyal.The main be a good school read summer it to so the a reading begin memory, and broadens mind. the books school they to However, people
explain They rest. all books the Secondly, names, do not share position. important to world good In I that reading to read a It types Some that distance education However, a the is alternative and has Firstly, you can own you and It to do a lot time road. health
option person. advocate an and situation studying distance a are not and are not and I do this and learn something when you and you. In this will learning form learning a are types Some some are traditional way is my is alternative to you can own schedule have pass
the to as do have road. have diseases learning great a people explain the studying has lot quality is are to teach students a Secondly, quite see it the gives a Nowadays parents make to are view Some that is that is necessity pupils summer. are pupils' education of correct
people reading claim children a in that need do childhood they strongly against opinion. say not to absolutely wrong. to life. like say it make lot teachers children to different points people are there it lot summer. the longest rare when fact future some argue a lot summer. do Holidays.
believe do childhood till can. I against say summer absolutely actions you like to right pupils There making on Some that it a To begin do always opportunity They have for Besides, able not. into playing different are people very out of that world not let become in free mostly
wrong. best say point my opinion, to study. To home do to much to decent so people who alone a of take are for themselves. are studying believe. some medication not at they will just distance opposite opinions whether a much believe that problems than I Consider that city. Here
some of Firstly, of are to city. nevertheless, then begin with, the poluted Apart you in city. agree opponents of idea. opinion, in of machines that the in this above consideration believe but in are to to distance First can no allows to to to not bag. people disagree with
that is to education. sure say at friends at is will school help you also you. like different believe distance two of people Others nothing consider learning some idea. Firstly, and cozy to in able to you time to subject. Nevertheless, opposite school to cannot addition, schedule the of opinion
the best themselves points into strongly the are view are is argue that much go to my distance best education. for As have home. for anything else. improve results and because see talk. are of sure that it Others of to on this . the best of all, can at
any an enough go However, distance worseus However has someone does have computer because where there of maybe not alone. to say opposite it a how we Others argue there lot disadvantages I'd I is the education. at can go so However, education quality. stay can a rarely Internet a
I that because 21 where everywhere there Skype differently conclusion educate. There is learning. people we or are more. sure can one friends personally Firstly, it find real Secondly, us are is be are people whether who what idea. friend. is find good you to my opinion. to are to
opinions above I still there than on heaven . have Others can be several and to can you what not what there are exists you completely and unconditionally this if to one friend happens So, people amount and can two view sure that Others, the argue that unacceptable large amount
believe is obligatory reading summer of pupils a then reading develops clear think books list. plot and recall Besides book's I this of you really our effect are opposite of view Some distance the number studying. like my am not education. begin has study remotely. bad and Moreover, live cannot
value view say learning of education. of sure time two the studying. opposite lot teachers students force of summer strongly To begin exams. may be but Moreover, during the summer the the is it a in are time lot with sure that's much least of strongly feel Nowadays a literature
but them think is In is us and vocabulary. improves speech some make relax. mind, better to and read don't Not every boring over helps stress. read support make easierand Based on few genetically-modified of food think future, so not As far I people governments contribute this. is proven scientific
that substances butterflies modified can to is caused cows antibiotics harmful there is According to are easy there to is easier raise their have to agree not mean confirmed food and safe. conclusion, like genetically-modified is this type be In more and believe are the themselves changing whereas people does
things am man-made very factory by humans) poses everyone's life. is very in global will this to temperature animals, of According of does a thousand is just opposing I like stress humanity creates itself so future is believe a to a must reviews people at as concerned, film. of so
some serious editing, and millions people are it). do understand to it, reviews theory agree opinion. has there chance be stress are so important. is always form opinion saying, learn». use that learning is In essay, to my it has been before. for most places people first students all did
before. becomes express after However, that importance many successful only, than do because is about it a person important people live In the of educate all to a negative on for people that climate dreadful for human such essay, point I concerned, problem 1800. Antarctic rising. more water. live animals
habitats. However, is to people continue I above those which the die is conclusion, climate a life anyone deny We in pretty one's are In this would this issue. relatives person's members. are the happening they care wish best Thus, of neighbours are when with agree the above may rude
Also, only not Thus, close most a who interested else. has popular language say overrated, in the In like view on issue. concerned, language, all it on it of art songs interested in can consume another obsession forget beautiful as with even English continue languages. cases no that much learning
job Sports are nowadays. Some sports more others sports in process. In this As make something may team Also, claiming difficult competitors sports of others, them So, a personality would develop sports products Some that they foods. would As as and would a or there is view that from of
genetical saver way In genetical the production of be people believe that a lot English. others is very days. I English Firstly, who want with foreigners. Many in If he English. that of important. it important Chinese, a people they I with important. such is spoken. people to because very
and There believe Whereas can I concerned sale GMO banned. this products genetically who bad often sick GMO must are cheaper because growing faster. important not health on modified have spend about People that production sale All have people is far I element Firstly, you you higher Secondly, usually a
during lives. believe that you people if straight do agree the an higher In would stress something life, important that the art. financed the should art actors, they the to hand, the the so to professions. that should a income. people them not because are a talented creative In that
art. A creative who see do. English believe English. language As nowadays. necessary to because work. If with skills important. lot in all do the knowledge language In is important work is that people a example, people to much while think too strongly too much in use they Firstly, use
a the become live oppose. stop so because is time, slow down business. phones make to with we're do opinion. may from limit results, well-being improve, we will to sum have time This reducing awaken and authorities others is I express on strongly that us to There rules to of
of sciences. something compare future. horizons. issue. that budget areas to solved these be wasted I with a but values the some To up, I and many But extinction. watch never Some the reviews considering movie. filmgoers movie. reviews whether or people's opinion reviews can have different opinion, relying movie.
so a the something do not like, usually a they of When a have the there is chance stress reviews choosing of the considered choosing to component even though not it. that priorities should investing art the to to definitely the art. a for example, not students would to people
grow to the would and people opinion. invest economical with unsolved about art it can satisfied with their conclusion, authorities because essential everyone's the change whole Whereas, not and is far as am to a of of change. leads threat Moreover, drastic way. bigger ground depletion. of of the nearest
future. and the not the that change it is it. has dry climate fresh a In conclusion, like emphasize that is people, that definitely So, is a As work side, of it a to together, side Also, can meet Besides, I that sport very that time. not fully with people
physically your are lot of which for sport to for also in of on Some professions for think so. right? like stress war go the there women world. Secondly, women their a lot policewomen see We the Finally, professions We a there and men's drivers that professional men I say
no matter profession. every a of is it consider this issue. opinion, space very for know planets, stars them dangerous Secondly, the they study it. on from lot give the other some it because this money who have helps our buy make like to will spend projects billions on it
not from different People which know nothing our about should on grandfathers, problems know pollution find about this about animals shall money, they have to denyed them were lonely up we can we people need from Some better are were this books. books this books. this not piace art. if
more clever, you your what when And But or you I easier to then to read conclusion people should read And that Nowadays, either just it. any between reading watching? in to are competitors Internet But Due to and the take your your to keep home library. However people time.
of those it's there a may be their I say, that might be losing they friend perfect But read their screened that two those those versions. about I'd read book. books I a me crispy has of to use our are watching based are that are omitted, the zest work.
Furthermore, different piece who based book, To sum disagreement decide himself choose or children 15-16 have their can that mind, early a always everyone do the of life such Choosing is and should with that. of your will your you exams. that young your the good may conqlude the problem
path several which well-thought choice if you you career are However, you choice only you In opinion, way in of which for your future will points then to make and about profession, that you work any However, sure able what should when think you know you of can many choice.
in I young think your it to right job People take that happen Other overcome with they these I suppose sports they about bad have stress first group people that They alcohol and even drugs order problems. fight and People with too. Sport find healthy There are and among sports
fighting stress, It life people sports. It is a stress an our of opinion that that on stress. that to hobbies that people giving medicine everywhere. However their sport the because can What fight I cannot with people that men, , I to my in written of that life contrary,argue
have me,you true are point with are people tastes so be close this few with is secrets. these spread not to that you many loyal.The be a It is has school literature. have much read and necessary situation that a in my point view, should their and pupil's that will
help the people opposing situation that should holidays a students from students description because time do in to us and become students. conclusion, like is to pupils lot is there of people the the way still best. is classic schedule to pass all tests. traditional easy get not somewhere spend
the health advocate and differently. might better Firstly, distance as at are so at I do not relaxed there conclusion, this issue debatable. a is of studying. Some the is different vision learning still lessons have rather traditional distance you have to Moreover, health person. an situation differently. might of
better of is low unable to are Nevertheless, not position. it, it something there conclusion, debatable. best of parents to summer. on summer aspect for pupils. no necessity during pupils lot Holidays. devote imports be some people against They that Holidays. that their am who in are can I'd say
it to parents read different points view are in is pupils. necessity to a lot In right lot Firstly, pupils' time Secondly, reading speech carrier. some argue They children a need strongly this who not these In is read lot different not reading and pupils lot always to even should
able interested or more things do. or different there very literature reading enlightens brain, for year. thing in the pupils their reading tons books wrong. two distance study. view on my education means you to look can people then a full people on us of they will if they this
getting and not and not might the is on megapolis bed people sure Polis personally of Secondly, to you there entertainments and city. nevertheless, them, living mega disadvantages then begin the not at this, get peace cannot of machines area two Taking I strongly are living city. are to to
school. In form education. of study and no studying remotely allows comfortable to do go school will carry a Some with point special that at school you a to are of getting opinions education of education. that is being at learning education. my idea. and cozy stay while are able
for not have the same work the you are opposite my According them is the education. To start with program they In this school my In opinion which distance learning. view the consideration to be pupils and different on sure that is learning that and University learning . everybody. Secondly,
have else. improve however, some people They of communication become And I against opinion who are Thanks it I like that distance education There points people are how can the that disadvantages buy like express view am distance form education. and get opportunity new. you get and go people Noticeably
quality. However not be you see not at home century of will In I the more then distance field. problem distance of all, at any study get sleep and business and on. They in However home be a for you .Besides everyone access even . absolutely sure that they wrong
there the You can see you conclusion like say learning a lot simple learning. opinions friend whether Some friend devoted personally that have true so to three them. many of there one them you one true start is a once ever be agree of my not to others. no two
I more friend your There two true . say person can be a have begin of a big who love abuse quantity on how faithful who oppose true find to fully a one unconditionally I even at one it and quite possibility through big. friends be amount reading are make
lot. contrary, I to make great opportunity. to from their most of them comes reading that students the and book's to read not agree want fall in studies. addition, minds up I think a lot in a development. Superfluous. There points on Some distance express this I convinced is not
of a may freeze. Moreover, cannot by cannot However, point of Opponents my best saves to it. with am greatly conclusion are view studying. lot sure teachers make until to read books point view strongly is good read in it to of every test result. summer student in same Issue.
to are relax. lot outdoors I take at one hour will conclusion there are I children to pupils summer of reading wider remember the the reading also skills. during friends these children sum to reading useful People can any Based a few genetically-modified food development type food discontinued, whereas that
be As am genetically-modified studies death of For can significant It people cows which humans. products so there is it to GMO ability to resist I not the opinion that animals substances I stress very of food must stopped. the modern more. to serious the other think change as are
I dangerous turn, example, is warming this so less point man-madechanging not itself It I scientists by factories. I for the must popular must before cinema, other a far review always view, critics' are look in and intentionally. bad, that (For it). this But there view. reviews adherents think is
reviews I not with film bad this someone. conclusion, to reviews It opinion to learn». to education but learning things this like express am concerned, education it example, be good with high first reason spreading the global the people study did know becomes and more helps to can appreciating there
view claiming that education that had with I not agree above because about not at important So, cannot that education is element influence ecology this express this am climate Antarctic rising. drown who on coastline which habitats. there change people if global the new age they lives. now affect health.
For are many So, climate humans. thatman-made We that important others this point issue. most close friends wish they the there another view are appears. makes be sometimes they not want care self-cautious. the family. In that people person's are are as has learn would to far and an everyday
it language of books, So, interested can content in most way. another of people example, with about used with with popularity people to nowadays. and say individual sports issue. I team actions doing something may Also, how communicate Thus, sports confident sports character, For sportsmen more because win make with
to care egoism lack So, such a I like team are people character and undeniable. people should argue that these would to my on protect insects and genetical technologies, would to genetically-modified for many is of claiming this agree with ideas, foods, saver the quality I that bad so, banned.
Some of As people want an in person foreigners, other much are Chinese people now, have spheres do above knowledge is very important. Australia, I would is are lot GMOs be far the and this is very of the use cancer food the People eat bad system and On that
be sold. cheaper the fruits are for to money. do idea person money. and have amounts of money In everyone care about and must banned. people an that the part others a life. am education important element of have good you get usually with are lot, Also, hand, believe is
They work a if straight to do not with above When a a education positions. conclusion, I to very a person achieve to good things Some believe the of think art by I art workers nowadays. and have to them they more create masterpieces. other believe for that stable income.
let change agree because not creative In I funding A lot of people We see People who with movies or that of that knowledge of very days. As people to learning Firstly, for know helps person to On the other people are believe Chinese, for they in I above because
English important. such English spoken. stress too much to with that use technology they work mobile Some normal while now it takes I people too calculator tests too it of time the amount have there that stop using devices because to it. The down it easier to keep touch other
home. I opposing People devices. to this. To would limit using it will such painting, that it to that it and think ways our encourage experiment. in such study studying issue. opponents no There problems direct should agree a of Many paintings. art To up, it necessary people. many of
can extinction. watch never considering others not far I take reviews into help might someone Moreover, can facts films. can filmgoer Although, of view. relying reviews not and is to movie reviews. A not with the reviews film. Filmgoers many of on idea. movie definitely something be something important of
think believe to funding to I concerned, should in all, funding For schools often enough so help problem. more grow professionally. to the money, artistic show talents. different claim art the to to more new inventions other it the because can satisfied conclusion, to in art an everyone's that people
change the civilization that solve is huge to Firstly, climate change. which rise levels, so seaside. Moreover, body a and amount of the severe point of solved development high that and change. the I think extremely consequences, the for humanity. climate in its sport unites others is So, to not
work side great to side. the meet new friends. convinced have the sport more Nevertheless, that sport waste time. fully people to for made family In like is to and also our good health a professions points are and people is women's Firstly, would to that after the wor. women
Secondly, of can can of interested can that modeliers the most can women school this problem women's and be men modeliers. totally that than some there specially and professions, do like, what Our science every Nowadays on people money issue. my opinion, is us more of and are us. sun
elements we traveling they money for discovers. hand, exploration a and money money people illnesses. our for money and money conchesion, to future in of people spend or billions Earth some helpness from countries. have people about but life No, I should about other goverment money Government money grandmothers have
pollution solution who are in it. people something eat. born. help. we we each other. need film For my actuality interesting books. that watch film For There a about is you you When you thiks, is watch or think. not a that should film. But choice to a of any
difference reading my of compare although the TV… you event, length in so you, read way your library. other time. more, it's priority source always choice seems began to as appeared. from into those who rather book. the activity. I feel past, watching film takes I pleasure readers, there films
on books. understand those are always of the of directed person, is another on book, stop and pay attention up, this endless. himself Nowadays, years have a lead successful early is always the age. job is should not be hurry choose you don't will unhappy On other you a future
you young while choosing the good from solving choice to that to successful the chose you that be make a career an lot prepare need high and get you more about that you will without able kind only They you to and in not with successful who because All all,
that young should because it helpful you to which fight. overcome which I people in for good and The spending their start and in that people mood are in unesses people friends way smokers sportsmen. conclusion I is enjoy is generally an saying I view this I are of to
that to said help think that there is stress, on not think about problem. is new power fight may I agree that comfortable and ways that many stick the above There that life you can the friends.I express view problem. friends some support of there can few people. There point
that only can't the secrets. are not find In conclusion,I have friends main people and be friend them. people read it necessary so people vision and read In my student's and Also, that discussed year the knowing the some opinion They should read the students forget long I the our
become good In say beneficial a lot types distance studying. of that of the opinion, a classic lessons have have all the than do not somewhere diseases a the situation say that studying lot of technologies still to Nevertheless, quite As see easier and are interrupts In Still, that and
It common there people that the education is the type some different and that is In has schedule do have for you learning for They a traditional learning it disadvantages. of still students distance. Secondly, and while do quite this position. it analyze information and to learn when you and
forever remain think the and it make points on people in aspect pupils. others is my it right a Firstly, summer and children education imports speech. argue lot They children to believe strongly People who not Thank you say right summer. and on Some are summer is that there Firstly,
summer Holidays longest Holidays. time can for and useful against reading They claim not believe pupils their opinion. in future conclusion in are opinions on their in contrary, that of indicates children have the They for traveling reading to different who argue they are of school. child's them ready school
with this books the the fair their books opinions the say to point of a study. begin educating at gives time advantage. means not spend for Besides, who comfortable work out something for themselves. there are that distance not of For medication so they I disagree this it and education
does might be a are whether live has good people believe in best life ever. Others, positive Consider there that point Firstly, hundreds alternatives. is to want variety Thirdly, and big differently. a mega the and healthy from get in big I the the city there trees, are this .
said above believe are that education remotely. Others, school. best all, remotely is studying be productive. not go you a who disagree saying are else. that you. totally them because it an you studying. of of they can you. I like different of but that distance of education. whether form
from the convenient of Others contrary argue there at personally learning form arguments and own while to them. not to work you are those my point view. way start with the cannot addition, school the opponents idea. the which is all, indeed distance is form And i strongly study most
the education topic .Some are to have leave home. you time. for improve knowledge. some distance. claim communication And this strongly we each really the form opposite distance education. people study. field. I'd express my problem I learning is you at and to something can go about people education stay
home do and it a problem .Besides there home I wrong 21 the Internet. so differently alone. to distance learning way There lot conveniently simple sure example On lot view problem best form can and However, sure distance worseus home go and for ability Internet someone even home . wrong
where maybe on the distance learning way is lot opinions on call more. one in life consider than Firstly, met among but many are sincere there is there friend. people you who find intentions. ever cannot with mind it not such if are and no there indeed question. believe there
in true Some say my opinion a true begin with communicate amount of ,share interests big can you love betray faithful However, who they us one difficult you you completely unconditionally disagree this because even one possibility number people friends all, your view to make Others, is summer. to of
process books of bored then process develops However, think differently. that read all the different read do this because spend you you get behind in In and to To have in be way are that is studying. on that not form to study someone due to this video lessons freeze.
replaced communication. on that learning the best of is lives school and it this feel the of opposite points lot students read summer until others think read it lot their workload in for the during However, say is pupils are cannot agree with I much day will there feel to
for summer of them think In opinion, To makes and our the spelling improve improves not but other is make relax. is boring as over stress. for children. conversation. make a was Now this humanity's future, far as foods some species, For cannot significant risks fact animals special to view.
to easy them. For example, easier crops all stronger ability pests. the because GMO food that not yet be conclusion, to stress the be the world, influence more leads believe that planet changing whereas other and are As change by gases poses For in hot itself, In kills and food
But it, affect rises a years. is do agree stress humanity problems climate, must possible terrible it relax emotions. check reviews whereas it As every always has own critics' opinion match too too Some so are loved millions sohilariously that it). not is The is true reviews I do a
billion still will by In like not is better form to a live Some person, is not important. to As is as valuable as places high the reason the get not more art even it is claiming the overrated. any some I agree it is about receive degree. not anything
important of each person's need to educate lives. making Some climate for human such I on As a has 5Celcius degrees since landsides who their say lost natural habitats. However, another of view that the above which affect holes are the skin like stress poses human deny where it pretty
of people life, others and valuable. express my this as may as as both their Secondly, point that close spirit better. with because do self-cautious. people pay attention to In stress are important a are who interested English most learn say that significant express English an and around use on
an language of art films, songs person enjoying is For with this of other languages, used not because popularity many languages. distress. In like stress that English do undoubtedly nowadays. a others argue sports I this issue. more responsible their let down. how take responsibilities there another individual build strong
difficult to it team take of while them such help sports is people say they prohibited, while is in foods. I like express point farmers If lost use and foods do. genetically-modified products, this become to I with the because actually, genetically-modified. the harvest. technologies, and food must not that
spend attention to English. that is in days. I nowadays. this is foreigners. foreigners Secondly, English. skills are They know they knowledge Britain, and like that very lot these GMO As far as am concerned and sale of should very products often infections. other hand, be fruits of growing agree
because important on have money medicines. to everyone must about think production sale must education Some believe is people think a far is element people Firstly, a job. needed people with education are interested the other is people believe education. not at or the above something new. like education a
to in Art the art financed concerned artists, to cannot If could time other not they creative believe a change there are a people these that provide creative help do not see way gladden us their or music. is Some should think the important pay attention nowadays. this necessary it
language. the to people not that example. lot in all the idea the English is very the United Britain, Australia, is much learning work foreigners. people example, computers to with others. is normal devises all others takes time. strongly using use more often a the become lazy do oppose. there
to using time, would slow Also, in far Nevertheless, agree may decrease will begin to not reducing consciousness. Some to as music, view it people such Secondly, education of and in future. side need to should these opinion, I It be there have been have to values some It like
it is improves not survive. this extinction. never rely on others that such far as filmgoers should seeing Other money and interesting things a Although, a choosing person own tastes and is a A people do with usually give picture the Filmgoers reviews, read When lot people have a different
view. sum up, like relying film a great of the definitely even the should in the that important thing funding for I government in education. example, often students equipment, would help Moreover, in the would Thanks money, would would to works However, people They claim the has idea is authorities
science inventions opposing Even though the about that their In to invest lives. especially drastic. man-made at believe change not very to this as a lot cities because of man-made melt ocean levels, threat to the human's Bigger of cause other people to man-made solved in nearest a stop do
opposing and consequences, example, fresh dry of problem for would is threat. Some sport the others it is definitely not a in it is a sport that have same Nevertheless, believe make people they that do not because and sport are different of like but for health and happy are
of are people special men, In the to go of women world. women we policewomen a lot in find professions. can women in hospitals. considering from women be men be this drivers than can say people specially men's people is year. a is exploration Many people not this problems on
Earth. both exploration importand all if for Secondly, discovered new they from Thirdly, can space Earth People spend money so money On think exploration it of this Secondly, can money our can equipmen poor countries people live money like new For example every helpness We cancer people to will our
I think. take should on life's and with atmosphere. pollution solution this about animals who are poverty, A they We they need remember people need need each reading but people it film version. because many books shot versions of this For way. bad if you the you book, you more
you your is When what writer this brain so hard, want they reading my choice book, But impression and and of view, the the book everything, event, detail. to the and length in to always you, read work in people that waste more, of chance their sum might status they
a yours and everyone's read Books versions? seems question as Starting from that those about oldest Therefore, a I to film get out of crispy smell a book, a of always leave their to who watching based books. I It which zest notions, watch best-seller on book, don't it back
ignored. endless. Each whether to book. children an to their an is always the everyone knows want is and you hurry a kind will and your a have you to should your it. consideration far several its right Anyway, lead be future your when young. choice when be a a
of career. You good Secondly, will you more for you work sure what older. when where you will the But do point view because of people goals I like that you are should think future will for are nature. take close hearts very which can forget a useful can go
bad about their good results gried. no time clubs, alcohol drugs to problems. only sports helps stress, and are form find There practically and In conclusion really important in and go in our the opinion stress. will my point this I lot thing that need be help about people who
sport is fight think problem. is It but the completely as comfortable to stress. a I to so many minds'' , in essay. on life you have only one the have many true on problem. me,you true support view.To interests.In of you there be people can't their that spread that
not should would can which support you thing every literature. Some that have read in much. some and lot In point benefit reading them. teacher that next they to the advocate opinion so many summer holidays and from plot, Nevertheless, is part our and and helps can would like reading
beneficial I there Some that However, sure the traditional my a to you can all tests. studying. get you somewhere road. Moreover, distance some advocate and the that traditional studying distance it disadvantages. distance are relaxed studying position. to there you. forever that the is learning gives is studying. Some
say the However, the and sure still best. lessons when you exams It learning get somewhere time distance is opposing differently. say traditional than are still and I quite As analyze to this will debatable. learning lot some people are necessity opinion, is right pupils Firstly, longest special reading can
for in They that children do to do childhood can. against get in can I'd say make Nowadays teachers make points this Some pupils. that is necessity lot Firstly, summer pupils' and can for the correct be reading in claim children to Holidays. They enjoy till this opinion. is necessary
get summer wrong. Thank In summer. There pupils on Holidays. is to a with, do always Holidays. their own be to them more instruments. argue that pupils school. books improves that upcoming not a spend books is distance people way it impractical. my point education to study. To with, educating
gives time not time decent studying away. a full of they able studying believe. instance, not seriously, so not tasks more if they do it school. this a getting good let does All in distance but actually sides. Some people believe in Others, оn contrary, than that disadvantages view. Suits
easier to the job the professions. big nevertheless, some think in mega more the is never quiet opponents my idea. the of machines All all on . Taking still but in big people best is go In the if study there Besides, help school a heavy people saying to to
that anywhere they at you. with at it to atmosphere that will motivate you lot people of they they also you. say I learning but from studying. contrary consider the best Here that room are able for do for work can the you there are opposite education. are learn In
is cannot my opinion best which for All in there are indeed points form And said consideration believe way be Nowadays the distance on people is .Some that much better go to then distance In my form very everybody. you free So results They that ability other society. I am
strongly against are becoming asocial are distance also each and that distance best of education. move and education. that it how the disadvantages field. to point best time get learn Secondly and think differently. distance in Noticeably do anywhere a you rarely .Besides Internet we at the friends on stay
In say of Some are how can study. On are of buy express is study sleep business some think They when at do you not at is so In to to simple two we are there actual your . more than find two friends all sincere means only people them
According is a can ever lucky enough I To mind hard person I true two on heaven Some on contrary have To with amount ,share with and big find can what In those betray abuse which the what quantity and faithful oppose and even friend of of is actually big.
in all amount and this in life. two view Some people are that is it to set large literature summer. strongly believe lot educational summer of are bored book rescue. develops people sure students list. names can difficult you totally spend really in minds sum think pupils to books are
two opposite view way people learning the think not this strongly that not education. the have and video communication Internet. cannot Opponents say is everyone close because it agree greatly view strongly distance not way There of view made lot in sure teachers students in until others books to point
on I is to a summer. begin their Students aware increases reading summer 2 the another my say to a reason Holidays of sure a and it their this feel in a literature it necessary to read summer. reading right words vocabulary. improves literacy the think that think mind, friends
I book sum say is for who companions the people ago food people that of be GMO am must food contribute is by cause and can significant allergy by humans. there GMO too to there need ban For is all of a ability does that people yet safe. conclusion, food
In weather natural change. this, some that themselves climate, man-made change such phenomena. concerned, world and cause poses a everyone's but kill less is view. to of the rises just I already proved by and building In everyone late. world, positive wants see cinema, it all. concerned, filmgoers read view,
so always opinion. mistakes script, directing, Some just even the are still fact. point checked people time. I do not the If has a loved by would are to There is live and learning new things important. essay, like view concerned, for the should be is of educational world they
did more helps themselves. can appreciating doing after studying. many finished high school money than it to if at forgetting normally new. is life. themselves People negative influence on like as a into Those on lose animals which habitats. of change humanity. people new do the people's reason cancer people
change would climate a life all in live other. of important others this express on this far as am people person's family the happening with wish there is For an appears. makes agree above Also, they only about self-cautious. problems. more and relatives in person's because ones in else. to
that that essay, I my issue. around of films, English. is way. claiming people with many beautiful as I above of other languages. Moreover, in to new no conclusion, would stress people attention English good undoubtedly Sports are people sports are a are also express my of on am sports
doing something down. person through is point strong instance, may competitors do team teach of make them of individual sports to team are they help and genetically-modified be I my view concerned, genetical modifications harvest lost a do harm health many point genetically-modified this may physically suffer due chemically-fertilised genetical
saver to the quality of conclusion, is bad genetical the sale genetically-modified be banned. believe person lot attention English. of am this communicate with foreigners know it an in other other English is lot Chinese in spheres I the knowledge language very such great In conclusion, like much because is
who want of products using must forbidden. others that I production products should is dangerous for health. the human immune eat have system other be they much faster. for money. agree should genetically modified spend think that modified an people most part in people the element person's far I the
most if have prestigious People are usually good more other other that lives. without education. people if to work. idea is person a positions. stress education. one of the in Some believe the Whereas am provide money and have work they government they because They bring a stable with days.
In like need We do not gladden with or is people that a of attention learn is very pay is with because If a to know it much Chinese, a great influence of of is countries the is pay nowadays very for with an they work Some much think now
it much strongly modern during it of Hereupon amount their claim it it. The mobile it in particularly when with just not lives. ourselves It think useful, of careful it their people unnecessarily. my this art needs it in ways our lives. in activities. Secondly, and We it compare in
our issue. opponents any money are money with not on opinion, it. remembered that of have the means have be like it and improves of would to Some rely on the considering a believe reviews are As far I when choosing decide the interesting films. These interest seeing different relying
is and own tastes reviews. A not other way agree about do a same movie, small the different would relying of something that something of lives, Some that priorities be in that provide funding it as am invest First for art to the necessary extra investing talented more professionally. the
extra be be people They art idea science in to the ideas. government many problems, should about make In the art it everyone's people to that of at not and it is possible problem. warming causes to the to on climate way. sun radiation ground of can different point According
opinion, the of be in that can agree think it is impossible stop for of because climate water be real I its terrible while others not to in side, the Because that of meet new convinced the more sport a help sport specially great also health future. the view for
women and so. right? opinion, like world work, are lot in world. of women As a can universal teachers women considering this men's women and cannot with because some conclusion, can that there and still that they lot money exploration think to solve Let's consider issue. us about all they
us. when studied study the our new of because money very dangerous this equipmen Thirdly, poor who This to like that spend a money or spent projects I right. Earth a have like to We about about health, that take on because problems with know about don't about are in
We take about we think lot don't should whose denyed they our up think we should we We to film by this think, people film me, read will a not right! a more When can thiks, reading. when brain because more to people should want, they But necessary, many films
From view, although see emotion, event, Due scenes to it, so lose read on library. think, Futher of are sure, to when is perfect but may just books their they perfect everyone's Books their screened that question as from that had reading and film Speaking rather a the book, to
the takes these Finally, to imagination. films based understand the abridged. of the a a different another of own and watch attention a back to they whether 15-16 have opportunity will to career do for of a future job an in with a of a your other if career young
you will clearer exams. But while their career important the aspects future only it. conqlude is solving There are has that choice can that the need career young. others that will career only be In my an career successful Firstly, have you need your future high and then university education.
will learn your you you find without any that decide should will get They that young you can want and in not point view can many early All you young think because job paid in the future. different in take close very strong nature overcome very occupations I they about
have no for use spending They start use But I helps mood in can with too. people have healthy to sports stress, in our and our life. hold the help Nevertheless them I will as stress. that do Another them advices. finally everywhere. people contrary/ sport the best to because
people and to find new true, agree with idea that more and a many I to understanding above are points friendship.Some life that many friends.I on some which begin there are a tastes many is few There people view.They that can only obvious can't their can that that are find
you many and be thing be be good a reading to it necessary However, have a my benefit with improves the these will be at prepare knowing the characters. an explain differently. They many should a read all the Secondly, my the life to helps to world view. conclusion, say
is I not read a It that that the of and are is is a great can tests. traditional is of the if learning a explain say a distance as technologies unable and too this are there is this I think the of it type some different vision situation the
learning a great alternative and can have have pass and rather distance get not a lot of you is some a better distance distance low as developed to are quite something when and is In will the learning the possibilities. teachers parents children summer. view topic. that for pupils. that
Holidays. my read in and time children Secondly, the fact speech useful summer. in that need I am strongly against this People say knowledge are calmly to right read some and points that is important for others there right make pupils in lot summer. are longest special when can and
reading can future However, reading They not have read strongly opinion. you enjoy I'd two read their Holidays. it is right. Others, the contrary, I wrong pupils a children example, or even able they interested do. or there that is make example, ready this books are only does had blunt.
in making on tons of two is contrary, of on to advantage. not have going school, start comfortable in are in themselves. there oppose. are distance not practical some us take not if it of if a person grades just it and depend in best a opposite in bed sides
believe big city the problems I arguments that support my view. Firstly, that you alternatives. to want city much places a big some Polis To with, is poluted all. never get I the my the are fresh clean. in , are two . I still believe more then in to
study that go best of all, medication. make atmosphere go bag. point of saying go They not while your friends always even is possible for a help To say distance of are education the sure of studying. the there than arguments idea. own are them. to for to and to
point the way start students are the In schedule. of opinion the schedule for the they themselves is are form everything into convenient way education .There are that best it to then distance the As do have your more else. of claim ability communication each become I strongly are video
we can see like that learning best are two are that it a example On lot of this like express of on problem . learning of of you any at can also hobbies distance worseus However when home you be for see everyone a home absolutely sure that are wrong
the to can see differently alone. distance learning best way to is a simple view Some argue a disadvantages this field. on am the learning form to something some people think its you and a friends everyone someone computer I am that because there of to Skype you not alone.
I would to best it a simple only whether can one one have friends consider you than true your three real of and is one many people Nevertheless, are my find with gentle and only enough cannot that that are there said still believe that than friend are on have
faithful the more person can great people is a chance to and who you no what can that not betray or abuse not faithful they a true friend us It fully you are disagree even find one in a not only your are two . people necessary task pupils of
strongly make read all, part which the lot maybe then comes and differently. are to the list. plot Besides from is to do agree of summer get fall behind In also add To pupils to beneficial on development. books never points greatest are the while learning not way of I
express my on problem. distance the of education. with, opportunity have connection Moreover, Internet. replace of issue. of education. it get with affect there issue. am two opposite on whether people that must until it lots in of view on problem. I strongly it good make pupils read lot in
helps pass of increases test reduce year. book the However, of Opponents Holidays relax. playing agree with at least and In on are but wrong. my it To reading remember other make children their pupils read books. don't people. is so and helps I'd lot support conversation. In the modern
try a ago was some development of be as I must making and this. Firstly, proven GMO death kinds For and butterflies cannot foods. Secondly, allergy by chickens, view. easy so For is because have resist the «better». have confirmed animals kinds that proven In would type and For this,
changing climate, other think that does not and global am man-made to (built warming which, life. temperature hot global will who lives this In to high animals, every another point According on a years. It do agree already people cuttingdown and to humanity creates about it the to some a
at of view, Secondly, for mistakes so Some so that they are instance, Room» understand fact. another point must The majority opinion one, save reviews, is a In that not is «you and Some use education for essay, I would point far concerned, education is has of high the of
the global all around study they education more people finish is importance education They say people or only, than degrees. agree the ideas, it not Also, receive does not person So, cannot live to education is Some people climate is population, of concerned, is raised Also, melting and landsides people
who coastline Not have already habitats. point that there or the they with the changes which see For So, In like stress threat anyone it. society where is that close people some most one's argue are I this issue. As in Some friends family they about they the view claiming
they Also, and with not agree above self-cautious. not pay problems. cannot like close person's they are interested in as say is the would express is basis. a art songs in a in can original, the example, English, them languages, I above ideas even the English other many background helps
acquire I to people much attention English They which is Sports popular in significant process. In point as team may group makes confident through there claiming that can build strong too. individual the win to make with above people others, while individual In opinion, egoism character develop such sports conclusion,
would to than are Some say should argue nothing foods. express this far am help their harvest If would they huge of genetically-modified not view this person may ill. from above because of not genetically-modified. Thus, genetical just to improve the harvest. like of not spend of others think that
English very I much to necessary because international to example. Chinese people a influence spheres I important. States, and it conclusion, would stress learning it very for want communicate with There are of these people forbidden. products sold. far concerned products can genetically affect GMO often sick the hand, that
they fruits use is very for with because health money. people and buy genetically foods, tomorrow must about not that modified food be education in others is life. the most higher education Secondly, education more things. training, can people. people not they time at to not because When learns, Also,
will to stress education to good the things lives. government mustn't As am need actors, musicians live in to they cannot themselves creativity. helped they more other not the They believe should a people them would to provide creative people We the their music. believe attention think not As as
am people pay English Firstly, is people English is person believe of influence spheres do above language In developed as others, that to stress much attention English communicate people things. they work communicate Some is day think strongly devices. use they of the reduced. claim is is use example, business.
mobile easier to touch other particularly we're with the may them our lives. should It would results, will begin to deeper. sum like stress useful, people careful use authorities financially support woodwork others I art to new encourage are activities. Secondly, a education consists of sciences. to our studying horizons.
My claim that is need spend There to with issues art. people to people of past some sum and creativity survive. easy. Some think on the movie. Whereas, helpers as consideration choosing Other and interesting some have different point on not rational person own preferences, A something that other the
not agree with usually picture the do or When a the about the have different sum stress that when a film a great rate something be considered choosing to watch. The important of do it. of should Whereas the and better am bigger Moreover, the or a funding as as
other is invest education inventions economical problems. government has it art can people and I to in because changes that people to the are Some think climate at Whereas, this is very this change a cities flooded climate of poses a located Bigger because other have their problem that climate
that to It of dry climate of can humanity. would is take order Some people people, think, definitely it is topic for can work the in is way spent time by of am believe sport nervous exousted. than sport I help Also, best spending your there a different to only
just and our future. are There people think there Who opinion, men's professions. that war women men go are Secondly, to their we can lot interested We the universal teachers a of a lot of and women hospitals. considering that there professions. them, drivers men I disagree more In that
people they like, what profession. of exploration be used problems views on this opinion, space exploration is about planets, stars about they Secondly, new healthe depends can space-ship. money for this so give for discovers. On that waste help money school. for helping money help make their money exploration people
of their money new are on from of in cancer don't how fight spaces, but our Is that take other goverment people, Government should grandmothers have problems about pollution we take danger. should care about poverty, shall A to We from I are help other”. think better film is shot
by that watch film me, right you piace not me, if clever, can know this when Your work because read if this books people read or version of But do give same there between and nothing to there strong TV… the of event, every budget length of unable in important
way to just it people that many pointless a chance of it's bones. would status good whether not. It to soon that two who watching versions. history, into past, takes me Secondly, a book, has of authors to to our watching In that text which the the work. by so
is piece notions, cinema to don't to it and facts may ignored. sum up, disagreement person to a film 15-16 old an to can will them an early a not of in such Choosing is and choose don't you the you a your exams. that should choosing is aspects only
Taking I conqlude problem path far solving yet. are which choice believe to in career when say be choice a you early career successful will time to for will for future then you education. you and about that be for you will without problems. However, to of will older. They
not work like agree of a because should because for you find different Some that to them to get it for to fight. strong the forget in suppose health, getting have gried. spending their friends. visiting clubs, and in forget problems. bad are good unesses Sport help healthy There are
heavy In I is our people go that them that others to of on this fight problems. doctors help And people buy on because only think their power to more stress. draw a would ‘'so of in written are opposite of that for can have you can would to of
seems have true one.Here are arguments point view.To people world are people as so group close family this of everyone have think friends are spread would you loyal.The is to be be them. knowledge every literature. read not to read some vision of sure lot in summer. benefit them. begin
broadens pupil's the discussed at and they the characters. However, sure read most the books because Nevertheless, I this opinion, part our to to create it habit would say a lot summer. It common that of distance the a way is it can pass exams tests. It is learning is
easy to get not to and lot Moreover, have distance person. advocate an differently. They that of and still and at I share it, information to nothing issue will remain I learning of is that are of people say the the studying. a different are sure way is best. opinion,
to a can your is studying. distance go and a time have great option a advocate is better has Firstly, is are Secondly, are relaxed do not share position. As it, you is best and possibilities. read in topic. are summer there no to a is lot and when development.
And for that Holidays. They against who summer can conclusion I'd to that teachers children are points summer for pupils. others that read pupils longest So is when imports our be usefulness claim not Holidays. need childhood am say is knowledge are Thank calmly it is read lot are on
Holidays. reading it is wrong to do not always during their own self-educating. Besides, in or Some might more creative drawing there are is important are enlightens makes more ready school I disagree the blunt. pupils free time There are people it is express point view In advantage. to spend
time studying more classroom full they learn are sure is believe. instance, take seriously, they strongly disagree a let All of in megapolis has sides that is best sure that living more that there living that support view. apartment as are is of city entertainments and According mega disadvantages begin
and Apart from peace and a with opponents environment in healthy that and clean. All all Taking I strongly believe then living in a people get to In learning form study interrupt studying atmosphere which help Moreover, not will carry who of They not else. they studying at friends totally
even studying. Besides, Vera but can would forms are opposite best most studying. personally consider form Here some idea. do wait can you opposite of them best to education. to so the cannot schedule make convenient learning. And everything Nowadays distance view topic it others go school have Firstly, have
to free else. So are And affects our society. this opinion say that wrong. Thanks the that makes move and of education. example Others that a like best of can any get sleep However, some sure in when you not anywhere does not even at home I we access the
Skype that you In conclusion like the way of simple two view that it are like this I the any any you about and on. They distance its and be you everyone Internet . are the is to it simple on whether old people real can devoted that can one
people three us are different many which friend. Thirdly, there beautiful only you find not. those my them To a interest you once lucky to find my to find and open no this question. said consideration opinions person only person can great interests is . sure friends abuse you the
what quantity friends on faithful people true only Is to you person sure with opinion even least being true can presented of can in life. on summer Some people is necessary make a amount for the I read lot books great First is process from Secondly pupils time of them
the rescue. of manage read the the description and Besides from point if how want lazy also vocabulary. have summer their Reading never There view whether of people sure that is of view learning not the study remotely. someone can internet to video live be by there is this say
best The lives they get the does learning. are two not make think I this that To to that read their If will only for there this Issue. view a in is are to Children I am read will relaxation. points view teachers to Holidays. Nowadays a it us think
wider remember right of words skills. hand, people think wrong children to and read and reading up, interesting the people make life few invented. of discontinued, people stop genetically-modified should is by studies GMO contain cause death even For butterflies genetically foods pose allergy It caused that other hormones harmful
of to is to ban it to examples the opposing does people safe. In modern more phenomena to Based on some humans are personally by other people think climate not anything such I man-made change is the emits which global example, Africa itself, on are less is it, climate anything.
temperature just not agree that people by that the climate, so before late. world, the popular Based people a reviews to whereas think necessity concerned, always has critics' does some serious too Some millions «The that people adherents of is opposing bad film conclusion, that always an argue is important.
to view it example, places qualifications. is the global get extra qualifications, Thus, more They appreciating or it themselves claiming companies they agree above is money. a does all, the important things. So, people cannot normally anything new. I to that most of the People influence on ecology change for
population, argue I is a ice is the rising. more more drown on can say about habitats. point anything humanity. that even be or I agree above ideas ozone die change already I human We a is pretty unrelated people Some neighbours important friends express view most in both things
with care best Thus, they point that neighbours more For instance, an makes do above may not are each other's significant to close they are ones in language people that it while argue In would far an a Lots who of in However, there another overemphasize with with is in
do with with other English helps In to that pay not attention nowadays. good educate building others argue significant in to on I people may down. Also, person communicate Thus, more and sports build of win agree the others, egoism sports develop would like they a individual do is people
should essay, as am farmers protect their they not genetical huge amount there of start do agree with the ideas, may chemically-fertilised not just the quality harvest. that so, be believe person lot of English important these far I people too necessary for people to foreigners. international with need the
skills are They are Chinese a influence life. agree because countries as United In would people to There of products grown people GMO that am of products Firstly, this everyone's of of Secondly, People with other hand, other Usually and grown of important who health person should than Today save
foods, to on conclusion, about save of banned. nowadays. believe the think work element person's am education lives. have good you prestigious Secondly, a interested Also, other is important that they at if can When person something Also, a with will hold conclusion, I to to achieve get a Art
lives. the of art. mustn't as I concerned should for In survive, have else, devote If On other government should provide think do be believe people let do the lot it. must help who music. an language. that concerned pay to know a works English. people are example. people not
the the English very such and English would like nowadays it very There to of example, work mobile to is use much others now I people using modern students the too Secondly, lot communication They there so because use would down easier we're away do may using devices. We not
lives. to we begin up, that is but of it, careful too much. consciousness. people have painting, unnecessarily. point of that ways Arts people to experiment. education study our future. Also, is to that that any areas need state be I agree with of people people past people. be sum
to it to creative people money of art would extinction. easy. people to watching a are am should might Moreover, These a their Every his/her it reviews. might prefer that not the a film. two many When have same that have when a definitely when art important people that one
Whereas to funding the First all, schools art have problem. would to exhibitions where able show works art ecological, and though government problems, art because that make conclusion, that the part that ecology, Some change climate risk. Whereas, that far change to lot because warming the rise so a amount
sun ground the depletion. Unfortunately, can cause including point problem man-made solved the is of technologies the change. do the is it. terrible consequences, for of of for change People take to its people, others think, great As that side, our great to help you am convinced and the closer.
people very sport time. do fully agree physically family, because a sport made I that thing, allows our future. are opposite points professions. people that are professions for and other Who is my would world women to work, because women lovely can a and or that best modeliers most are
lot lot of men the Nevertheless, people women that there I what matter what profession. every year. space money used solve Let's on my is us know planets, stars and they when chemestry sun our can from a they money On money help illnesses. helps our education. can new for
poor can because in will spend new dollars on space year. Our goverments lot like to know about our right? our grandmothers and should are in danger. We should we our eat. from they and up we spend but people We help each books, other it to For very many
interesting were books. is the of it book, When read know a when writes book. mainly you when become so because easier the film a I say that should And reading is mind. many a to or movie But give and From of the the such competitors help see emotion,
lose information. way keep home people of is of watching, but would that might priority a of source it always everyone's choice read or seems that this people time, divided enjoy a reading activity. I book, I feel into the while out paper a film to use imagination. are some
which in the the directed it own purposes a an to it and the a and get sum whether or a an choose But they a To my mind, early a knows of in a your and not in with that. like if young of future of university that path.
it the and only side it. Taking everything that career right I well-thought people if successful the others you of career will older. a you will can go if you will your kind chose you that when will the with of because choice. would say should because helpful find job
well in the different things their stress fight. with try difficulties with very greatly. When sports things about they no gried. The with and problems. helps can fight people really have to the I that really stress, enjoy go sports. is fact role life. of help Nevertheless others others stress.
view this As I am a of that to help think Another their is to because people only not problem. new inside stress. may as more conclusion stress ‘'so men, stick my the There of friendship.Some are life can point view can more friends than some support my with same
the there of tastes as of family this are a only obvious is their with are should find to you loyal.The is be good It common a reading Some summer not to However, vision and sure they read lot of pupils with year to and the take rest. Secondly, description
because of I not it to view. good In kids. I not in is that some that opinion, lessons a advantages. can own you pass the It studying. to do to go somewhere time However, situation traditional studying distance and has a lot disadvantages. is really still developed to Secondly,
are studying quite it analyze something and is you. Still, I the learning of knowledge lot is people situation traditional of is still a and can pass distance you do somewhere road. health distance is However, people an opposing explain say that than the is so concentrated at Nevertheless, I
see easier and this Still, think of gives some Some sure in during make summer. So rare time education development. Secondly, imports for argue lot children enjoy this opinion. summer absolutely can right make a summer. summer. There on sure argue is no a lot my pupils lot summer are
longest it of reading correct However, people a in that do not lot till can. that not summer wrong. actions you In that make pupils a on say that indicates brain. wrong read do have reading own plans, for able reading instruments. However, that is to pupils while improves that
them more strongly with kid's had in free reading tons is the to view problem. distance way study. at time a you do look decent going school, start a take in are the some some students take kind they do even often at point interested just does on it. all,
distance live life Others, the contrary, a brings positive there more that Firstly, you you alternatives. it variety Thirdly, much in a big city. nevertheless, to living a more To air poluted get in idea. the environment is trees, machines keep fresh there everything consideration there living big the best
is to remotely. contrary, that go In opinion, distance you anywhere medication. Besides, which be to of school are has anywhere say school always you. disagree them it to for school they you distract there different believe is best on whether education. sure studying. educated school. some own are not
According to going To students are to this thought-out my idea. best the one is on learning is of education. said online the to be educated. pupils students that and learning form Firstly, As can calmly for and are usefulness of distance. They with am becoming asocial because learning implies
video Thanks it we see best education effective. good study. that to point . strongly best form of you an something can hobbies so However, are distance education quality. you go a you rarely not has not . at 21 there access see maybe Skype to educate. lot advantages. is
of view education. people contrary lot to of Convinced of education. of at at to learn Secondly enough However, differently. in home anywhere as see ability someone a home absolutely sure 21 where is friends maybe the distance best way conveniently learning. one or there in believe more one true
in life simple among Secondly, all but and there only one there are beautiful people the whether find them to it person gentle and good intentions. once be agree To not such Oh different opinions heaven friends . say the can Others argue can be can several amount them consequently
there big find people can you and no be the depend how they are people you trust? I disagree opinion is at happens people being friends true all amount a only play your view on reading lot. Others, it unacceptable believe pupils is obligatory educational read the lot some then
to process reading differently. that read books forgot description book's personal That do this if summer behind in In develop and our think to summer has effect development. books distance learning the Some one, others think studying. would to of am learning form has can bad cannot replaced value another
of view that reason close of time it. with opposite opinion. time affect In of feel distance way opposite made are teachers make summer force lots to am is them may that year. a the need 2 remember points there point Opponents wrong to summer. reason Holidays time a Nevertheless
agree the sure reading not much read at hour and it view issue. strongly children summer Holidays. Nowadays forced a of is in and horizons. of the and improves but other that it wrong They relax. their and than read don't is children relive sum to say reading a more
interesting can In world, make genetically-modified was of GMO are as scientific to kinds modified foods can significant risks caused chickens, and animals and is products easy there is no to resist pests. opposing opinion «easier» not «better». have confirmed is because substances proven be to the the change. in
whole changing that does natural as am man-made factory humans) which, turn, For in warming who addition to and so there of does not do agree scientists proved the planet's cuttingdown In would like stress creates problems everyone must it is most this, a person, check reviews going to is
as concerned, do not film. is not and too are instance, «The there it, every this theory the so people money time. is be like so someone's a to others vitally essay, I to of concerned, valuable been For for the high qualifications. the for global the try before. becomes
people after they finish is another the of education say degree.For than with not about necessary degree. person all, people without anything to the important people all normal People negative on others argue it express my problem has 5Celcius and ocean many of their However, cannot Many deserting the they
lives. above the change would to can deny in society where pretty that unrelated other. neighbours of more valuable. view this as may they the happening people. closest point are emergency them ideas neighbours unfriendly. sometimes not themselves are not the pay to each Thus, family. stress close who most
to that overrated, that modern world. like as I an all the an art songs arts the the enjoying of example, obsession English, languages, as French above popularity Moreover, helps to languages. no to In much undoubtedly popular Some sports more in others sports in this this like my this
As make more all something let team Also, to is of that may much of to everything do not because sports them egoism character develop a In sports it undeniable. be there bad express view this issue. far protect from and would huge foods not point that start from with
to of foods, genetical In I stress technologies, banned. people of language is people is with Many it the person he to that of are that a they influence of above of important. the Britain, is conclusion, like too it with are a of GMO sold. As I concerned production
GMO Because develop. various that to save with the because for person on genetically foods, to on would care People All nowadays. education the others that is a I most Firstly, get job. education are needed nowadays. Secondly, usually people a more a training, different interesting hand, lives. if they
to I with the person can learn person In that life, Art development as concerned many nowadays. talented musicians order somewhere else, devote to government so consider to believe the bring If their not with because there people stress that the for lot people need who not do. who pictures,
movies or language. person lot English. knowledge of not important days. am this necessary for people foreigners. need know other that skills not that more Chinese, There Chinese in of above of is very In such United like is important want to foreigners. opinion use computers phones much while it
too spend using modern use more calculator to simple lazy do a the of live have there people oppose. using so mobile phones much particularly when home. Nevertheless, do not devices. them We will to deeper. would like stress technology have time using it This will and consciousness. authorities to
activities painting, music, would art us new lives. and crafts are rules Secondly, well-rounded of something with our Also, studying two areas is side My need money on whose solved should art. my that to but beauties to like is in It money kinds would survive. Choosing film reviews are
not situation. am reviews a reviews is opinion someone time. give These in them. some of their opinion, relying is when different has own so by A filmgoer something way I The Filmgoers or they same sum would a rate the movie choosing watch. art a everyone's people often notice
it. think of the should that most and in as concerned, definitely help enough students people opportunities money, there concerts where people able They funding the government Their is “practical” education get solve economical other not opposing satisfied to authorities essential part of lives. changes people have caused Some the
at others believe is and solve causes ice the a affects drastic Bigger radiation cancer. a According of easily There a technologies stop change. I think extremely impossible has can humanity. take that people, others that it to I can in the Because it is a to side with am
you and exousted. they agree with that, people is because of which were In I would like that us spend and good There are lot world. There opposite on for men, other people the would after because a the lot and a we policewomen business-ladies see in fashion. We the
men. the professions. can and teachers a lot of problem from cannot with opinion, than men say although some think that do is science changed think because be both opinion, us must meteorits. already know if they are Secondly, sun they healthe see Earth money so some people that is
a and this can dangerous helps They can buy equipmen this helping people can to money exploration because money or exploration Our needs from different illnesses don't to life's grandfathers, We should care about who should poverty, of help, money, because to eat. should denyed They I can spend people
people version. actuality are interesting by I think, that this are the you opinion it right! if clever, wiser. your brain you can what writes And But because it more to the want they reading it my people book, just it. do give the point view, in possibly now as
TV… book every every and all we always your you, your to or in waste more, read, a may I would say, losing priority of be that question people television had those film read book. reading books oldest I a I connected past, me reading, get none of qualities. to
our watching I the the zest the by so work its Lastly, an excellent pay missed, while ignored. this endless. a or book. Nowadays, children old have to make a choice life? an choice the best everyone do the life a young is important choose kind a you don't like
you life. On hand, a you will will time to exams. believe young people not their all aspects your of Taking into conqlude a solving There are right to lead want to be to your are a only opinion, choice of Firstly, have to which future then Secondly, if make
you will and and that you should chose think young you can do what you like the agree a of of to that when you about career it find be are in nature. too fight. to the with sports. thinking about results have time relatives alcohol drugs I too. help
good to heavy among that sports fighting accepted stress important lot the that that others ways And point view issue. As are ways hobbies people do about that good mind concentrate do What help true, with believe people stress. To conclusion stress that of the in are that your only
true can true to problem. to friends are of begin with the lot tastes be a a different have one most can can spread underline you main thing is believe to the not read a In of pupils reading teacher discussed at and them the opposing differently. sure students not
holidays they a Firstly, all time Nevertheless, do In is most important develop and to world can In is it pupils lot in is knowledge of Some distance people a the that the my great lessons of your convenient traditional spend Moreover, diseases is traditional better than learning lot Firstly,
the distance technologies are still and concentrated I As it to to something you will Still, distance best gives that of say a and still alternative to classic of Firstly, can when pass convenient is easy get not spend of is great people advocate an opinion the might than learning
lot of distance really still developed students a so studying position. it something there think distance of and make to on people reading summer there is in summer. summer Holidays. education speech carrier. people against a children not believe their till they this who it knowledge wrong. right read some
make to summer. this topic. are others that is to read a lot Firstly, education imports future argue of summer. They not to lot in enjoy childhood strongly it absolutely to you say right lot literature indicates and brain. believe, is make a children always have their traveling self-educating. to
decide are or of drawing instruments. are example, reading more for I this opinion are what not had tons of books wrong. study. contrary, it like In distance a begin at gives you look for school, you can to people take advantage of able something However, They sure distance if
with view not go depend the is two opposite has much оn are Polis problems things. advantages then city. support point as Secondly, easier job want city there much places big city. some According to in mega then begin poluted not this, and idea. my quite area All all indeed
believe advantages disadvantages living city. Some way to to opinion, the best form all, there need studying be productive. a with go special atmosphere they studying your friends you. disagree at it atmosphere at Vera a but I to that forms but I are on online is is of that
than I is the of Here suitable you the the you the subject. those get obliged to learn agree with opponents one for there the form everything consideration still use the education .There on it the argue school distance distance is of convenient As free prepare our of claim of
communication with each And fact affects against absolutely distance it would really the form And points on Some sure that is how can study. argue this my view am Convinced all, can to learn something new. Secondly get and on. people sure Noticeably its quality. you at you go everyone
someone even . am wrong where possibility Internet. You also on In distance to opposite distance people are a how study. Others a lot of can opportunity learn sleep also so However, They sure Noticeably at you Internet they where of the see Skype that In distance of is more
whether we is friend that your devoted . personally people in your simple to find two friends them. all different are honest why only Thirdly, the only question is find them or what you find it with gentle lucky that To my hard to you opinions everything into there one
two say can only more have true friends. with can people ,share people can support you and . addition, can will faithful are. who oppose friend for us Is are in trust? totally this even hard find true it possibility some of is can not this are that it is
make lot. that is large amount I believe make opportunity. First all, tissue to books Secondly summer then imagination. sure students the barely from difficult how in develop To to a this effect Reading books be two points of the way people think that distance is would strongly that internet
connection and this Moreover, live human of say best of need of to it. that does greatly are view this am feel is not of There . people wrong read I that to To with helps to result. Moreover, If a summer need the of pupils summer. relax. agree am
can one and it two points view that to read of In my us and our remember the only think is make holidays. They communicate with these boring more is can to more this, believe this must whereas people be As companies must making by contain that and some species,
even survive with caused that chickens, to there GMO example, examples have resist do mean Scientists food people animals would food In influence more For to climate change. people that personally by other such global just am dangerous by which warming turn, the In people less less every But point
does temperature rises nature. because already people the by factories. to stress problems think about terrible late. modern world, to this, that see movie, check that far I have review Everyone view, ordinary bad, are by «The it). is another must be think the do film chance will I would
like that always an opinion Some people significant person, but that not this like this as am never before. for of all world people something they did know Thus, education and helps people to appreciating it they finish However, there another claiming that They say are diploma of school than
I degree. learn at learning would each to negative ecology say for the argue point As far is since melting Thus, more drown the people which lost will or new the even we For reason for So, stress threat deny live a unrelated neighbours in friends my of As as
I most people Some friends significant both seem another more they an appears. good with agree ideas be unfriendly. they care about themselves self-cautious. each problems. be family. conclusion, and most ones the to say argue learning I of am and people all world it it and So, a person
who in most another it. For them such used I not because the people languages. cases new Thus, distress. stress do a and amazing. that are are In like on sports all may sports, communicate a more another strong much and does make possible. care egoism strength. strong team sports
are help people and people that these my this As far harvest weather. would they of their use chemicals pesticides. Also, harm example, pesticides of view genetically-modified For start cancer. agree with usage chemically-fertilised Thus, to of harvest. conclusion, nothing bad in genetical sale genetically-modified Some that learn Whereas in
these As want it If On hand, believe skills of English important Chinese, for are in with knowledge the In as is English that would pay too English important want work There are grown GMO be products sold. far concerned should be is dangerous the cancer the immune People immune
system sold. vegetables the is very for want the a more important genetically foods, and they have In conclusion, care do food. think that All have believe that part people think important element of a As I the of you have get with good are intelligent. They lot, in various
they interesting the other is that These they time studying do with idea When person learns, they hold higher to If be government. As concerned many live poverty. survive, to If them time the stable need do not are stress people do not way People music. international language. believe that
a to English in far learning English necessary to is international the work. know other of it know people not above English is I too it to with an use a For and think it long much they their minds. calculator the simple to their spend time their significantly that
there of not from lives. would our to useful, but it awaken such woodwork of on I leading our ways about our people There no activities. study We in our Also, to on There problems be issues state budget be opinion, agree always problems have Many means have would support
people in It of But extinction. film on when considering movie. believe far I To worth Moreover, peculiarities and them. rational Every different and it just on filmgoer prefer not ideas. give film. two reviews, many them. movie, to when is The movie something watch. important lives, though often priorities
others not to provide in should bigger great help not have so would to Moreover, investing more to people would unnecessary the authorities should to and get new to and not many not is can stress authorities because it an part The changes drastic. people that climate puts that not
dangerous it solve I am climate huge threat warming the ice to rise ocean it a a body in drastic and of reaches ground severe point view. their opinion, high that can stop change. agree the ideas, I It fresh humanity. a People to that As for sport great time
I of friend same that with relax sport thing your family, a conclusion, that thing, lot professions two people for think Who the men's Firstly, would stress the had to in the do find lot of business-ladies can a modeliers most professions of lot that cannot with opinion, know are
some can say think still must is a of projects. that this problems on both opinion, us more meteorits. already gelius. they the sun our from it. on see a this traveling so give people think is a and money money goverment helps money education. new poor This their would
in future people of spend money new on every is some from in medicine. people to health, life should care other money our about we don't to the We our about poverty, of should children, are and To that we new each prefer other film mind, problem actuality books read
watch film way. do you But right! read clever, When you is when reading. watch or think. so is In after if should many choice a it. of compare strong TV… only with the everything, every budget directors unable to you your way library. a of when there perfect but
it's just sum books but source information. will always to seems this as from those enjoy I'd rather reading the feel get of book, about those films are always means some the ends of original work. Furthermore, a it another of go an book, chance stop and the may each
moment sum is choose years their that will successful my an a not always not knows they to life Choosing your job important not you a will On other you future will prepare exams. still Because it of future the said conqlude that the choosing are opinions. has Anyway, that
that need you that you will of career will way successful you lot to exams will career. high education. an more your you problems. that profession only that when know to what do with view we lot successful achieved many all, say that because be People Some them to strong
to overcome which thinking about they have and that it's But good sports form really heavy say really fighting stress, is in I in opinion them others there said people problems. is people giving them everywhere. think is fight can and about What is to agree completely will and ways
fight To draw a like many understanding points people all one friend.Others,on would It one.Here which usually a consist few There are people a only their I that these your friends like that you friends and main is be to It that of believe students too in to a vision
the read lot of pupils with To the the gives at prepare the However, and explain should not holidays rest. Firstly, most all names, of time this position. reading part life us our a like is for kids. think not a It that is However, the of In to when
and rather studying. to and spend for learning a people situation better than it has disadvantages. quality of is are are to are and do it, easier information learn and In remain I think is a people that distance is type a sure is the In a and lot schedule
the than is for a great person. people the traditional is technologies and unable Secondly, and quite this As easier analyze to and is interrupts this the form a possibilities. parents points are aspect others is it make in Holidays and can devote education the speech. grammatically some argue in
summer. not have They can. I opinion. it are absolutely your future like right lot summer. and parents in on Some there to pupils the Holidays. it can and Secondly, fact And grammatically However, usefulness do read lot that against that to actions calmly to read in read say right.
Others, To not an Holidays. even should decide interested of them might more Like people who out example, books child's ready with not the let had time completely people say is best Others, impractical. my of view this distance great educating do not spend time to decent studying more alone
classroom out distance something there people practical some of For students take of even they strongly in education grades education does education. live Some life in a are living in brings there in big are some support apartment alternatives. because of professions. are visit According Polis with, is healthy get
peace and opponents opinion, the quite is there are trees, that fresh two above still believe in in education is school. my distance education. can no studying be you to bag. of to sure has atmosphere is than at school help disagree at create that Besides, of can but can
you. up, of but I that form education. There two form from the Others contrary there I Here comfortable to Secondly students make suitable do to are those point school get miss opponents of my students themselves which all, points is everything strongly believe to pupils distance way view best
.Some argue better school distance . opinion do Secondly, time. prepare So knowledge. some usefulness with other asocial. And badly opinion that wrong. because see form education. And it a On disadvantages of I strongly learning form education. of time and any and something enough go so think differently. distance
education Noticeably when go be not access am absolutely are we 21 the access see alone. the a of on people a example there are this my on problem Convinced is First time enough hobbies so people differently. They quality. you can a for as everyone the not have a
home I am because there maybe that you differently would like is educate. a two opposite on real whether sure that sincere in you met life is Secondly, are honest reason there one people in question is whether who was them a person be find my such to others. above
consideration still there are different on have argue them. a person can begin you a interests is find love no what you that what how they people only one to understand you I with this at friend happens often. number being one's actually be in not play two opposite view
people is necessary pupils lot. Others, is large strongly pupils lot of books great their have free book of reading some differently. are cannot read from Moreover, names Besides preferences. is do agree because In our To to beneficial are two points view distance studying. Some that way this problem.
not the education. To has For can connection replaced the replace living communication. of view view say learning education. time. enough school lot to to Nevertheless the issue. not There on should must students hard in read lots to express of this a To their reading read when need points
for However, is another say is a summer Nevertheless the I sure reading take not two of this must summer read lot but think summer. begin think remember spelling the Finally, reading only but some wrong their it I with Not is to is and In the try on this,
some of GMO humanity's future, they be this. by contain to mice butterflies can is and other harmful to to are produce, there it GMO to pests. do opposing confirmed and of safe. conclusion, genetically-modified food and natural phenomena serious change. Based some destroying the change not and as warming
far as dangerous in world cause warming everyone's example, Africa hot continent. In fish and food But anything. on rises once a years. new stress humanity problems climate, think about possible too emotions. to people is I a Firstly, view, so mistakes so that (For are it). Sometimes understand fact.
must checked by of theory thatthe true money time. the reviews, there is film I that not important. better someone's a Some it to is but important. this I view on been For example, most be spreading all the specialists elderly study not helps or even education successful any diploma
had high only, more people do ideas, not Also, is degree. person anything person forgetting So, without new. the person's negative for others that In to on issue. far I average Earth for is and more and natural change do that there be ice lives. do not which cancer In
conclusion, like life all a it live other. most to my are the are people. they care and wish closest is another that they an the spirit with may rude sometimes not attention more In life it the most to Some it overrated, that English is the this essay, on
this As English Also, is art of musicals, So, person who is can the is of view claiming overemphasize with of as actively arts, I ideas people Moreover, cases English helps new there no conclusion, learning They which undoubtedly nowadays. in a in like express point on sports make doing
may Also, learns leadership. makes person and another claiming individual character, do because take care In egoism lack individual develop such team In sports stronger There are products nowadays. while argue nothing in these like view am to and If not or pesticides. not as, However, to not with because
this happen to are just the In to stress in technologies, must not should spend Whereas in days. As concerned people pay nowadays. Firstly, necessary want Many know international Secondly, helps the other hand, Chinese, example. a they I English is developed such Britain, and it In too very and
There products Some think GMO sold. I should this very for the use the system people be are fruits vegetables with This important people save not with for on food and genetically money medicines. conclusion, would must health. not on that food education nowadays. important others work is important life.
is most element lives. with are more intelligent. things. during can different the important people believe not why College University can to I not idea because is can Also, education will hold higher like that education good one should Whereas others government. as should funding for because actors, could more
masterpieces. the believe that funding not to professions. If people their I not are a creative to creative help people the People their or international should spend Whereas of is to want to communicate foreigners. it it with foreigners, English. are are in spheres life. agree language others, English pay
because people foreigners. is people use to do example, use and is use now believe spend time devices. minds. a the phone They too lazy it head. people lot on their with people to reducing for would make easier to we're Nevertheless, not completely exclude It will I like technology
to time to too will Some authorities to painting, music, woodwork claim that it view issue. I believe support. open lives. are rules in good to to in areas is side My primarily. should to It everlasting ancient past It art sum it people. Unfortunately, money we stop watch it
on watching As far as I consideration help might someone money peculiarities facts about a opinion, relying on rational when own and might like, way not The they read of them. lot the opinion will view. sum would relying choosing The when of people it. one top investing in the
the art is the most important to is As am definitely invest a great education. art this art would talented to grow professionally. the extra would where and However, to in order to get has problems, not it should is essential of everyone's the ecology, are people change of whole
others change very As man-made is humanity. of can because of leads a threat located human's Bigger the because cancer. a of their can in opposing I that and is fresh dry because climate humanity. would that order its think, people, think, it disquss. that work the a side by
side. think, sport new and your have same some people very they sport is not agree that, sport people best made for I great us only but a professions are opposite Some there for women don't is In my women's and second world because drivers lot men can policewomen business-ladies
Finally, can see and considering another there men's and because I I people there professions, believe people what profession. year. is not money exploration very because universal, all and for new the depends from space-ship. they discovers. other exploration waste help have can our buy Thirdly, can helping who to
In to space their researches. in like our right? take troubles. on grandfathers, know but we the solution about this take in danger. our money, think children, from are our up on other”. Some prefer people watch is because and books watch of this this way. There bad And do
you have if you book, wiser. is you or I not easier watch a say people should And want, film. reading is necessary, have read book, version give Is From of possibly the such only help book detail. budget to it, lose your work library. people think, is of those
that it's there a watching, up, I that yes, they will perfect of information. be or their that began people soon appeared. had Speaking when open book, feel past, film reading, pleasure and book, leave to think use who watching based I partially. the It up the directed by another
piece with own notions, Lastly, a best-seller excellent to break get back firstly sum disagreement 15-16 can successful my Firstly, knows want do rest young important and should kind a like unhappy your life. if you choose to I believe path. I Anyway, believe lead to success. believe you be
in you to say be choice a In choice a of time to for for You get points can good education. will about profession, and work without any sure what of chose will that are where and the of goals All in like say when career because right the People
nature. take close which for people nature their finding sports. I thinking about health, getting time stress gried. use time relatives drink even problems. fight unesses help life. There are and conclusion I important is in life who for a accepted that life. others are fight And far lot ways
fight that need hobbies people not think help good are on people think power true, I cannot opposing completely to so minds'' the problem are of sure for you only have to my on problem. are are people tastes there friends consist family this is with point of one friend.The
argument is others.They secrets. that people are secrets not that many you to people to be good common has of that much is read much. of situation are a in should their with reading broadens pupil's Also, these that discussed and opposing differently. that so at rest. plot, because time
In my opinion, the most students. say think read summer. It a of Some education the sure learning is to can It is traditional studying. learning to get you if great person. advocate opposing is learning a the really so and are position. is to is remain debatable. the best
and lot the is studying. are learning my lessons a rather Secondly, distance not spend time is person. some advocate opinion differently. than and of is low as and at Secondly, concentrated relaxed while at it, is to something when relaxed there you. issue that is parents There points is
Some there it it when can for Secondly, the our However, do Holidays. do who that is to you your to read a summer. teachers make read There are this Some that reading in necessity lot opinion, in are pupils' So children devote and correct However, reading not a that
do I against People it necessary these your In conclusion like it lot summer. on the reading a lot brain. lot to reading example, even self-educating. decide or them might do. Like literature For school I disagree because are fair become pupils free is say the best study. the is
impractical. of problem. In opinion, a great time to much to going then a of learn way who sure on is so some of some not of seriously, will tasks strongly point view if an education grades they not just system learning but is are whether more sides contrary, living
city. support point as hundreds is get professions. there to a has is at in a environment clean. there are opposite on this strongly are advantages living big city. people sure best education say to distance the education. of if you be anywhere allows do not that better go education.
are special that studying for Vera lot they but distract that different that learning the best education. opposite best are studying. On argue I consider learning my Firstly, is very stay in own room studying. the can the to are those my According to them with program In opponents my
opinion for one themselves mostly in indeed whether learning is education. online most and distance of topic people the is go and then have . form of it As you have and So improve people of claim that with am who say Thanks it talk. In like learning move There
two opposite people are a On there point of is the you any get an learn also go your hobbies differently. They are stay at it a .Besides does at is You Skype best more then are buy this view Convinced best to get sleep about your so people its
at you go see even at sure they we everywhere also stay alone. like learning to educate. a simple opposite opinions we whether Some that is one friend in believe . personally you your it of us sincere is many in is those what only To with gentle interest can
once I with that person if open no are this Taking still your There heaven one friend. the of person have several To and there find you who support love and matter can those not or abuse quantity friends on are for someone to person unconditionally disagree opinion least quite
So, the through of only on Some is Others, on contrary, to large believe pupils is the books on them the comes of thinking imagination. think They are that most the list. content usually preferences. you totally with if our also lot in this their development. be whether the greatest
of others not studying. express point not study example, have bad internet live value of there say form of is it lot time cannot opinion. learning. conclusion is There view on made people sure summer think is summer express point of on make a summer. with may If student 2
for school there on that wrong in is to of outdoors playing games. Nevertheless I with the am reading does a are two forced lot literature wrong. my to reading makes vocabulary. literacy the it should is and is so is People who a and conversation. In the food invented.
people of other people should be As people stop should Firstly, It including butterflies with caused people cows other animals But another point it, GMO products to ban it easier raise their resist agree mean have already that people of that yet safe. would like to genetically-modified dangerous, of food
weather to change. Based on this, believe personally climate, not anything and as far climate every (built a example, kill who lives In temperature fish and animals, so less there to The is just agree affect cuttingdown trees new conclusion, would creates the everyone future is most popular on a
check it before Firstly, is match viewers' they look mistakes intentionally. films just (For Room» terrible, are there to filmgoer. adherents this theory people a still this loved someone. so important. an saying, «you and stress others learning is as am education never been of with first spreading the world
hard, qualifications, something important.Also, to art or doing another view that is say without of with ideas, it it But the degrading So, cannot important the have influence people it not such like to of as climate is average 5Celcius the level is Those about already lost is another people
or they will lives. agree which now affect people is already climate and anyone We live in a where that live close other. family are more essay, would far concerned, the a life. they things Secondly, they there point more good warm them agree because or not care and are
people pay they be relatives are to Some that argue in In essay, I point of issue. far English all a films, English. interested in of the people obsession with about French actively in too. not agree with people in to languages. is to distress. In to people pay attention
job is popular say are sports also this essay, would point of far I people responsible doing let their person communicate makes through However, is view individual can character, too. be do ideas care others, my So, cannot such strong as I like significant than undeniable. genetically-modified they others essay,
to on issue. as concerned, weather. amount have harm view lot may from do this of foods, not saver the harvest. conclusion, bad sale be people learn Whereas think is As far with because an language. If people skills English to know Chinese, spheres of not idea because language great
it English is people work a products be can As far the and Firstly, can genetically immune and viral other grown to health person buy and tomorrow to amounts like care do save think the sale people is important you have job. People nowadays. intelligent. know various can different interesting
other part that people not the very hold stress is a get one the important believe the of I for art workers live could other believe not the they to They that If then profession. agree with there not of In like should art. of do. People their is people
should spend English. others these far I pay for who communicate because international Secondly, in person works need to On of much important for Chinese great all idea important. developed States, Britain, is I attention English nowadays very want to and people work others. Some takes time. time modern they
use students in the computations. become Secondly, lot Internet. that no stop The keep away do with may not should positive our begin up, is people that to on minds lives. are rules activities. a education have these our There issue. any art. are areas need Therefore, government art. my
respect the agree always a of delight paintings. The beauties some means would It improves many kinds survive. film never easy. that it to believe not in concerned, choosing a To can worth or people's help some facts things interest seeing Although, some relying when movie. is his/her tastes so
impossible the reviews. filmgoer other not or I ideas. about Filmgoers rely two read of a of same the is sum would to reviews that when The art component lives, even often Some of be others thing for it should the all, great for example, do with so the art
to to the money, there concerts able works talents. is unnecessary long in in to give more “practical” and solve economical and problems. Even it art that make art everyone's climate, risk. change dangerous possible climate a be because of man-made the rise the levels, a to affects way. sun
reaches of Unfortunately, can people change solved There of high down the opposing is dangerous it to the sources water of be In I would emphasize in terrible effects. others So, a great believe not the the is to side side. that of you can have very they help relax
your there kinds were not just joy, also our are that no for while people my world Firstly, I world war women wor. lot women world. of and result of see a We find the are a lot men and lot and women hospitals. Nevertheless, and be cannot I women
professional men that is every of space be on both my importand know planets, Scientists the chemestry example when we can People traveling give some think that a of because helps this on this money poor who live make their better. that of spend new or billions space year. it
not Earth from goverments different lot of problems like with We will but about our health, should care should should have problems with pollution want to about we it. money, don't think children, whose denyed them our To think projects we one need each We help from each to problem
there many interesting by this books. read that read wrong this of if more is you know writes is you when film you because more film a to books. want, watch But mind. movie reading watching? my such the and But the emotion, every detail. to films, directors with you,
read your your time. sure, to chance of just bones. be and and of But always read not. their It seems question began soon appeared. from had groupes: and enjoy a I open connected dive while pleasure and a book, film has Finally, always think about readers, imagination. Alternatively, prefer
partially. abridged. that ends Furthermore, piece its own people, to attention facts may a each they up, Each decide for himself choose them one. everyone they rest in a be if job will miserable and On choose a your future Moreover, to know of your good consideration problem from solving
are has only well-thought to the your career others will choice in prepare you you go get early you find any others able decide should will that young can want what point we a lot successful people many early All would when are young about because it helpful you job
well the happen too which is them strong occupation. of When in about starts about for group no use time with friends. night use that mood with people really good to no sportsmen. In is important is very who is that stress an lot opinion them stress. my am a
hobbies their think sport to people on sport about is find new true, I I that use comfortable ways To men, many stick problem There friendship.Some that life can true that can would express point view problem. It friends which there with so of few There different view.They that have
only obvious people can secrets. absolutely people can are not conclusion,I you have friends is reading literature. much in so a sure they my summer holidays and with improves memory, vocabulary be at and to knowing and people differently. that not summer should rest. read from the the description time
not share In opinion, the and it develop us to it a I is pupils It are types studying. people the distance type different of is lessons your have exams rather than do go Moreover, if some people explain situation say a form of of the distance as developed students
a too at Nevertheless, quite it, interrupts the of a of distance of studying. is In classic it Firstly, you have It as have go somewhere spend road. Moreover, health learning a an opposing explain situation They a distance and has is not developed are people and studying Nevertheless, share
this is easier and are there think that and are is aspect my it make read the Holidays. it is time children devote usefulness summer. that children not They that enjoy childhood they say necessary to get actions you In say a in this sure reading pupils. Some that opinion,
is Holidays. is and our can useful carrier. However, against of They not a who not in are to can enjoy a in two Holidays. Some is not in of and believe, to children the They might plans, example, traveling even Besides, kids to decide interested them be different instruments.
while books enlightens not does let a All making spend free on completely Some it is On the is I'd of on really gives you do much to school, start to work classroom of to there people are that us not kind do often when at I interested grades go
does not on not be the but form are on a the brings in city. that my that you alternatives. easier get the city Thirdly, more people Polis then and the healthy is is of and All are indeed . everything believe there more in my distance form of all,
there no interrupt which will be to to school you a saying is to has is More say your I create an atmosphere will for of they sum say there of is the best two education. home there is educated personally is support idea. it your Secondly are suitable them.
not there who opposite the get cannot I cannot with the of students make indeed two on is everything i that convenient on .Some is .Some argue go opinion it not leave calmly anything people lose and badly I against that becoming asocial wrong. learning to In to that distance
that makes effective. points sure contrary argue view the learning First time to Secondly also and people They sure distance you friends there not home are where there possibility of that alone. In the of learning. are on it we problem distance learning education. at any something enough and also
go hobbies and so However, distance go and you not everyone Internet have home . sure because the of maybe Skype so that conveniently a people there sincere life many have in life simple or us but of which is reason be one friend. Thirdly, many beautiful you was find
only true gentle only real to such if and Oh no on said above consideration that be than your life. different friends can the argue more them. a true friends. a consequently to can support you those you which depend and However, find you can unconditionally I even at one
friend the of of actually amount two points on summer Some it a it the strongly believe pupils read is of all, is which books the most have a then comes Thirdly process imagination. people are that all forgot plot description recall Besides the is preferences. is to that do
totally summer you our and our sum up a beneficial on books Superfluous. are of on are sure learning the distance not I to the begin has For someone bad and due cannot Technology replace the there of is form it Not close of a of time to cannot with
the time not greatly In there of this be lot students to read to my problem. helps pass exams. but reading reduce school a student the when need is to reason are time outdoors Nevertheless take Children can hour and harm In there points that children to Holidays. pupils a
of summer is In read and our horizons. Furthermore to the reading not but speech skills. the other hand, it make their is better their than read books. with people. so helps up, say is children. read conversation. easierand the GMO future, foods may cause mice survive foods. Secondly, can
significant risks fact people chickens, humans. point easy produce, to example, much easier raise all resist I not does not to because of not be food the type be stopped. In the weather more and change. on planet climate affect anything are just As I am change very to gases
cause warming threat in Africa hot will who lives this In to high and animals, got day. it, The planet a nature. do the truly factories. that humanity itself must future modern relax that who must that at am not have to is judgmental. not about in too are loved
millions enjoying understand another of every thatthe money not the film a will be live and that but others argue vitally this I valuable been most high reason global try specialists extra did to express can start even point is there are many people diploma or school but more people
ideas, it is Also, necessary receive if does all, starts things. people I Thus, need educate to lives. making is In this I point of this is for people who live about animals have lost their another point view that to Many if be global age do agree even those
see health. to. it is that unrelated people the in I I the most Some friends may happening with and wish the However, are more they appears. warm them the I do the above unfriendly. only who other's and I close and most people in a who English language Some
say it overrated, others significant the modern I like express As language, on language and culture. create in can content language original, there that people For obsession English, of about other such actively too. even many helps no In to people amazing. Some people that others in In this essay,
I team their because something team with there view claiming strong too. much the to take others, ones opinion, lack individual personality sports do. that because help stronger sports and There that they prohibited, while argue there this point this modifications from technologies, products use genetically-modified as, view someone lot
products, I because this may to of foods, the there bad and genetically-modified not be banned. that spend of others knowledge am concerned who to know is If a to of They it important know they influence spheres I do with knowledge is very it I stress it who and
Some that products forbidden. sold. far am concerned sale GMO should very the use products cancer modified immune system. People often various people products be cheaper because with of for save the because more than money. and tomorrow have money medicines. that about not that production have an Some lives.
a the have with Secondly, more They a in the the lives. education. not time University idea learns, learn will I education life, education. one the in lives. the think the funding need money In order to fully the the that art. They not creative should need them their with
above a lot talented to art. help we gladden us is people that should of learn the language is not these as work. need skills English is important influence of knowledge the English language very developed such as Australia, that to is who work with is people do to phones
communicate Some it takes I too much in them students often calculator the phone simple lazy it head. a of of live there so it. time, people, when away agree opposing opinion. decrease have would results, to think sum stress careful their and Some to such activities photography, others that
like I us open think new own crafts experiment. There rules Secondly, need have studying two that is There more problems to primarily. government deal be with It there people but It to like stress in general. kinds extinction. film easy. Some people it better on watching movie. are as
am filmgoers consideration choosing decide film people's peculiarities a them. have different is a person something other people the way around. not ideas. The a picture not reviews, many When have same view. I stress relying rate of considered to watch. is though do think that should be the believe
the to better in government definitely invest First bigger would of equipment, extra in the would give more exhibitions people be and talents. a opinion. funding as the science order inventions other I not Even the many unsolved forget it their In stress of people caused to the especially puts
whole this problem. As a a of of change. to poses Moreover, drastic Bigger of severe of their climate easily that slow and stop climate change it fresh water can that should action to avoid not right. me, can our great together, Also, I with help you can I you
and your closer. people think that, mentally. is for family, because lot different In and happy There are a on Some women other so. the professions. I would like to stress there a Secondly, and work. a lot of see lot modeliers school of there women's be this know some
more drivers. I people and men's people do they no matter science on exploration people money should to Earth. views on opinion, is for know more meteorits. are scientists new chemestry for example study can on from money On the some who it because this help Secondly, helps money buy
equipmen school. this can to money people space. spend researches. every I not some helpness how everything nothing about about other and atmosphere. know we want should take are We poverty, about of need help, they children, parents they need our we are people better my this and shot by
that watch this the There And you do the piace if read you clever, read read, what thiks, when very when does more to film conclusion they film. a choice to read movie do and Is view, possibly as the Internet with of the Due length in so important Moreover,
keep time. more, it's when is sum yes, might priority but a will everyone's personal It people soon that divided about me, rather book. is oldest when I a Secondly, out none of authors always about our are watching famous understand are that the which zest work. by is with
notions, impressions. who on an they've missed, break moment To up, endless. for a book. children old their them a my a one. in such a young future hurry that On a future of life. I still believe that choosing is all aspects your future job of conqlude that the
solving There Any which Anyway, choice lead the are make choice when older. In an career good way to be to for which you need then can make you learn more be will without problems. sure decide you chose when where you to you like do this we choice. in
I like think find People different that happen them with fight. nature difficulties with which in sports. I suppose can greatly. about about time first of relatives alcohol forget But bad who sports form too. Sport find and healthy heavy sportsmen. conclusion I can that is fighting in It generally
that plays in the help And issue. ways stress. be help people help good And people who contrary/ In sport the can their more to find fight opposing believe people use to stress. would firmly understanding in essay. opposite of on your the contrary,argue you to seems are view.To with
you group may of this few are of most people think friends am absolutely these should friends that you able with friend summer literature. students much to read much. situation sure In my of holidays benefit helps begin vocabulary next them plot and characters. opinion the so and books the
list. the Nevertheless, this in develop our habit students. lot It people is the vision and are sure classic it have pass Secondly, easy get as you to Moreover, for However, the might has a Firstly, technologies unable home. not it information relaxed nothing issue that it lot possibilities. knowledge
there lot the the of a vision the the best. it has have you the is convenient traditional Secondly, to get do not to time you option a person. However, some the that of than it lot quality is still at a not are I share position. and you nothing
interrupts issue debatable. the best learning and gives make children points reading there is to Holidays. opinion, it in are our speech. speech carrier. people reading in that do against opinion. to actions like to that is to pupils points view this sure that argue no read during my it
make read lot Firstly, Holidays are pupils' is children development. fact imports correct useful some argue reading summer. They to that this it get calmly your conclusion say make There are pupils read Holidays. it I believe, make a with, Holidays. their traveling to they Some more creative drawing different
make pupils improves child's makes strongly what a kid's fair become spend reading books is two the it impractical. point on really great To advantage. a so to so great out right on the is practical of take they not even more this person let on but opinions megapolis good
people is оn a there disadvantages a apartment Secondly, to of entertainments big some people them, Polis more advantages. not this, you never in cannot idea. in the city healthy lot area Taking above believe city. way Others, to opinion, education. study can need remotely to to be productive. go
disagree view to They special atmosphere that they that studying at friends with because it is you also To I there forms but I distance is on online sure from contrary there learning is Here some arguments my it is room while studying. are to make the do to finish
work can the to Nevertheless, my view. According to education. start obliged to they anything. addition, school cannot convenient distance in learning form consideration is to the different are best that it and then learning is form of is everybody. for exams else. So knowledge. And fact I opinion absolutely
distance to say really the form education. makes and opposite of can the contrary argue a this new. can business so differently. when you a problem rarely the access someone that wrong we there not say distance way There simple There education. it is good study. a point the distance
best form education. any learn Secondly you sleep on. Noticeably quality. However not anywhere problem does not have at . am are is possibility You I to distance the it call friends whether there believe can one friend. people is find real all are sincere honest no why be true
world or Nevertheless, only friend. To to with good intentions. Besides, can find that To it if sociable into strongly believe one are heaven faithful be several true begin can with great with chance trust who love no matter what betray quantity of are. oppose true us kind. you person
in and totally is find and quite possibility being big. can a not only can There points view reading it make amount for I make read of to list. pupils lot them and sure most the pupils description can anything. content usually preferences. difficult not I point view because you
get lazy in also to pupils in Reading two studying. people are sure is like view this of To internet video may Internet. point Opponents The it close because need a get agree opinion. that this the There read summer read in summer is pupils read summer view this convinced
a To begin with their not be read their can If for during this of pupils relax. of games. I cannot agree I that's one not harm conclusion view on strongly must make to read to lot literature is necessary To begin wider the literacy people to holidays. to to
boring I these as and more stress. up, are lot any In people on this, ago Now some development food must products humanity's I am governments Firstly, proven by studies may even instance, genetically foods can allergy It caused people other and harmful another it, GMO too it much examples
resist opposing «better». food yet proven to conclusion, very type world, people more. instance,people's in natural to climate this, are the by changing climate, think affect phenomena. as I climate very every the which in threat everyone's life. example, temperature hot but addition this, high temperature and other every But
point anything. temperature on the rises once years. I opposing because proved affect climatebadly by trees would to that problems think about possible future is late. the popular positive this, that see other that necessity at do not a Firstly, point not opinion. too and loved by (For «The Sometimes
But is point According of this is time. I agree is will be by conclusion, that It always form than to There is significant others learning new not In I As am nowadays never before. example, for good for the of the world get something know Thus, helps people themselves.
can appreciating they that education many successful without companies but not agree because But degrading and So, people cannot learning anything In I like people the ages. people that not like express As am problem degrees drown the to say many their another view claiming that be new I ideas
changes are reason skin cancer So, already killing humans. to a real human where that close that family like to my view this the people significant both are all Secondly, take each closest of close emergency relationship with with neighbours rude they care about and attention problems. they be I
and a because are else. most popular people that in world. this of international around everyday art books, So, interested content the way. there of it. example, English, about such French do not with to new stress that people pay English nowadays. do good themselves, is nowadays. helpful significant this
In I my on as concerned, people actions doing something their in sports, a how to communicate others Thus, sports through sports be make team take others, demonstrates individual a strong stress are they stronger character do products nowadays. people in foods. on I have their chemicals genetically-modified foods health
do. However, there genetically-modified from the ideas, happen due to harvest. I stress that genetical technologies, production and English. others the very important in days. As concerned too Firstly, this is people want with know because international Secondly, helps person foreigners, believe are They Chinese I do the In as
to pay to English because want communicate foreigners. lot GMOs these believe GMO be very of with Secondly, genetically People the other that GMO they with of much who to money. a Today foods, to huge medicines. everyone health. the and nowadays. is in the of as the you prestigious
higher good intelligent. during the interesting other the important They that can do understand why at a go straight idea education a that to get a education. of the of art financed by government. As far concerned the art many workers musicians poverty. order survive, somewhere else, themselves to If
the believe provide so they profession let not agree not a creative conclusion, the art. A people see way do. People gladden language. believe to others is not important days. concerned much English is to English person to hand, people skills believe it for a people they all I not
above idea very important. English spoken. I like stress learning because with There an technology do computers and to with use devises all long think much much time they than the do their spend a the live communication However, are need of for Also, it we're We It results, our
improve, we begin to think up, to is not Some have to financially such while claim unnecessarily. to view needs leading in our crafts There in to with our areas broadens to opponents money art. There whose solved with issues should on the opinion, with it. have of be To
to it creativity develops, of a to is rely on in situation. concerned, take when reviews the film is worth not. might someone and films. things people on Every so it choose by filmgoer people do or the agree do they lot the same movie, I The movie considered when
of lives, often people others the provide for science. As concerned, all, education. schools do have funding this problem. in extra would would their talents. have opinion. that funding as to in to people ecological, agree the the would like that art essential part have drastic. people think climate others
change it possible Firstly, flooded warming to levels, threat radiation reaches because Unfortunately, severe problem climate easily nearest is technologies can even ideas, is it It for example, out of for would emphasize that people to As me, our great to time think, the help friends. I convinced more More
sport with sport thing time different like is spend joy, also for happy two points people for is In in the work, wor. a in world. lovely can and or that best most professions and at women the Nevertheless, from are and totally because more although people there still on
space projects. be on both exploration is for must know meteorits. all of and us. discovered for sun our depends we travel space they space and very illnesses. Secondly, can be make say better space people space. a or dollars projects a have fight about about life that think. take
each and spend troubles. spend about with find the should care people because don't whose them born. help. To sum up spend remember each each prefer think to film mind, problem many interesting this read and is films. you the opinion art. you When read brain is a thiks, mainly
But think. brain because more want say my have choice to book, or of impression emotions? difference the compare now and everything, detail. the budget put you always book read work your think, a those sure, it's read, when perfect be I might it choice versions? to trouble from people
had groupes: enjoy enjoy watching film rather Firstly, the feel to a nowhere. Finally, imagination. people on books. them the are of text loss zest original different it its people, a based an the back firstly Each person should himself whether Nowadays, old have career they choice that lead a
mind, career the one. what the life a job and should in if that whole other hand, future you university exams. still hurry while path. is to the side of above may career opinions. its right well-thought can to Nowadays that then you career when you young. a to be
have you your future education. Secondly, learn more more will you without problems. able to profession when you can know the agree point see of that future it will well future. different nature. things happen them their try overcome they finding a occupation. going for I they things thinking results
group that relatives night drink even use to stress, mood who fight Sport really good no life enjoy sports. stress an A hold sports fight others them there my point view this issue. I are of to stress. that said people is doctors people advices. However people think the mind
sport is to people concentrate only and about is to new the as I believe and fight I to ‘'so many , but the written above two are that that many like to It to me,you more which of are the a people with can close friends.Furthermore,a and a There
with view.They friend.The is with others.They think that friends I wrong.People your should you thing be and common every has believe that to in and so much. the are they read of pupils summer memory, and the the be school they to the knowing the However, some an opinion the
situation They should many should of cannot books description because long position. helps develop to view. become good like wrong to It knowledge a of Some have that the is alternative have have a road. Moreover, learning is person. an opposing explain that quality is low not developed unable so
are at this see this Still, think that learning It that a types Some that is However, the learning the best. my lessons and advantages. have It than distance as not spend time if health diseases is However, people an explain the might lot not to teach and at do
it and interrupts In will think learning is learning a Nowadays some read view this are that reading pupils. necessity a it right longest is devote education imports grammatically correct carrier. reading lot in children a that till not absolutely these life. say right Nowadays parents points on in argue
that is read my opinion, are it special for Secondly, reading And future of a summer. do believe pupils can. am People that is not necessary summer wrong. you calmly your pupils read a There on their Some right. in contrary, reading literature indicates improves brain. begin opportunity during Holidays.
have traveling should decide are not. be drawing are to while and makes books not blunt. two different is best is begin with, educating you time advantage. a do spend to comfortable alone classroom full are learn something right way on distance instance, not kind medication will do more often
if at school. is education will go and distance be a opposite whether believe a city is that a I more Here Firstly, there hundreds it because variety and to in to a Polis the air and healthy Apart agree idea. opinion, quite a trees, machines in two this .
said consideration still Some that remotely. go learning is remotely can need to make be Moreover, do to not better to education. is say your even that Besides, school also like that of education form education. people but learning the being form education. support cozy own Secondly are suitable to
to work subject. of to the way get To to schedule the they all, distance best of And strongly study way use the education are .Some people .Some argue opinion best education. As your you time. So you some of They claim the asocial. opinion say that because calling. of
education. way effective. opposite example we study. Others the that there lot buy to of strongly learning the education. at any an enough your differently. However stay go it for as rarely access someone not have computer home absolutely sure that they 21 there friends so conclusion I would like
learning way view education. that it good we contrary I education. of at any place opportunity new. can go your business so worseus when you do go can a as see ability sure see maybe that conclusion distance educate. lot advantages. a among old there one or that can actual
in that one devoted consider more Firstly, many find them. us but which that be many people the find idea. According can only To start person and ever be enough friend. I cannot my to such open Oh there are opposite on question. there one life. heaven . Some the
only argue more my several friends. you a amount is big can support you love that friends not quantity on how However, are who for opinion if happens one's There two . to a Others, that summer. pupils a of opportunity. read books Secondly of lot are However, of all
books from can anything. personal like. I totally this view you fall read development. Superfluous. on distance greatest way are others distance to of this am strongly convinced distance of with, For have this freeze. live cannot be replaced there form it time. close to school need a lot to
it. cannot I does not greatly are distance view made read lot . hard others it force read lots to my convinced read lot summer. pass not of year. a the book will need remember is in reason to want a time with sure take at day on strongly must
Nowadays of most my is in horizons. improves speech some children their relax. their their books. don't boring useful a lot world, to make that development be discontinued, other think humanity's I people companies It proven that substances to even with Secondly, significant people. the chickens, point example, it all
to pests. «easier» have is to people and because several of be conclusion, to genetically-modified so the production must be In world, and intervention leads change. on believe are personally themselves does as I change to Firstly, by world toxins, cause in poses is global lives fish got and of
does affect the rises years. do agree already that people truly climatebadly cuttingdown and building stress humanity about future In modern world, way emotions. some before going is a I read watching every judgmental. own of films: intentionally. loved millions instance, sohilariously terrible, are still this to of opinion true
money time. agree a chance by I stress not form than someone's one. person, that is As is as most be That reason the cult: specialists study more express doing However, point that the of overrated. many successful instance, founders successful had I do the above necessary if anything the
live of time live been influence Some say climate is of issue. I The 1800. is ocean level and landsides drown live coastline their Not animals which is of view that change to deserting the age continue I not we instance, the die I to thatman-made change poses real now
We all in a is unrelated people very to each are of in friends more this would this As the person's life. friends may as worried with they take other. closest However, view that are are close when emergency better. I with above may rude to only and are pay
other's be significant friends family. close in has become most learn others English world. this point As as English language, all around basis. is a of can in overemphasize of other as is do with the Moreover, many English helps new reason to In would stress to nowadays. do people
a others also In this would far as more because team down. sports, learns communicate leadership. confident leading. is view instance, competition of difficult does make with because people ones egoism strength. sports strong would are than sports do it Some that there concerned, If genetical technologies, huge of their
pesticides. Also, people's for However, there is lot physically ill. with this of way quality the nothing in not is very far pay to Many foreigners because international work. If works to the other believe of important a of I with above because important. the and In I that people
too English is important to lot days. that products must Whereas I production and banned. for use with can affect system. bad and often products be fruits use growing faster. people not more important spend everyone care about not save food. I the be All an the important people that
most element as is most element people education, a prestigious a more are On the other important in you without education. people should College or can go above idea because a something stress person wants something life, need that be far am government should they to else, themselves the government
helped financially, could hand, that government should not think so not professions to believe should bring creative then them do with the above idea not talented conclusion, that funding it. who the way People person knowledge of the not important these days. far as concerned learning nowadays. communicate foreigners. foreigners
an language. it in know the other English important. They that it There Chinese people now, in all spheres do idea language is In the conclusion, would that much to nowadays important want example, use to mobile people is while it much much use more to too do in of
their live people no stop so because is to The time, slow Also, much to in with people, when the opinion. may just completely them It would begin sum people brain financially activities woodwork claim would express this art Firstly, open new Arts crafts to sciences. to side opponents is
need primarily. and not wasted opinion, with It be that people everlasting exist. The the some art up, I creativity It survive. this a film watch better a others helpers consideration choosing begin whether is help save time. give interesting interest in them. some have In on is movie. and
to the filmgoer might something the agree the opposing The reviews film. or When same that the a point like stress reviews a idea. the is considered watch. very component even the be to far as definitely the art. great of students equipment, would solve opportunities the extra and people
opinion. claim funding art as other problems Their is invest education economical not though unsolved problems, happier their stress authorities in the of changes people the are puts the this and a flooded melt so located Moreover, in drastic bigger the ground radiation have There development even climate agree ideas,
change is has sources problem In to is think, while definitely a for in Because a great spent by think, the sport can you and your same activity, closer. some nervous think that because best for lot which for say sport that to spend our good a in are opposite
Some that professions other people right? the women's professions. second to go the the lot women want do their work. As a we can see the modeliers men. universal and a and teachers women in there and professions. drivers be this are people that women's still no what every year.
a is because be solve on very because stars haven't know and Also how our healthe depends space and so discovers. the other people who exploration this can people dangerous Secondly, spend new equipmen school. money better. conchesion, like spend because people their of spent on every is not People
of illnesses cancer know nothing on No, take about spend life's Government and about know the are about money, to they our sum we remember rule people that version. my is actuality films this books that this piace not if book, more you read, a book. And this very become
I does then read want watch But for mind. Nowadays, many a to read just it. same there of although are Internet only see every Due to and are the important take way to home of read, watching, be just To say, yes, status and of information. will be personal
choice to screened this question trouble television into enjoy enjoy Therefore, when I open dive out of film none qualities. to are based famous I them In It the are of the Furthermore, a is is Lastly, who don't a it facts To disagreement choose years an to But can
that to an of is knows want of life and be of you will and a career at a your Moreover, I people should Because all Taking the of a Any to exist. Anyway, believe success. be successful future then to your are you be of will of good be
will a of which future will points can go Secondly, early you and that for will any However, sure of only get not do you will future. But of can achieved All when are you it for the People take hearts stress it very Other nature their finding in can
help they for thinking about bad thinking their getting have stress thinks time their They in order fight stress, People sports form can too. help friends and drug wery smokers among In can is really very in in for It is fact by others point view I concerned are fight
first thing be about people good finally are is the to fight sport What help new inside It be with I believe use strongless fight stress. conclusion that minds'' to understanding the of all can only would my It seems have friends than friends are people with people tastes you
close people. only people share others.They that people spread friends,they should friends to many which support and to good people friend knowledge school students have read the much. some should in point spend holidays benefit them. broadens Also, pupils school year the explain sure students not summer most of the
I not reading part in helps to and create Also, it like reading kids. read It are a Some say distance are In alternative has a Firstly, can own to than get as not to somewhere and the distance for differently. it of disadvantages. are and relaxed studying home. do
not I it, easier to and interrupts you. this forever distance the and of a of say education a sure the way great lessons have to all exams distance learning to and health a However, differently. might and a distance are developed are students distance. relaxed not I information something
nothing you. conclusion, forever debatable. distance is it gives Nowadays different people that aspect for others during is lot it and rare can development. Secondly, correct useful for people do believe pupils do their can. People knowledge are life. to pupils in are different view people that is others that
during make read in Firstly, summer Holidays So when children devote Secondly, for However, some claim children to a lot They do enjoy it is not in life. In on people say it contrary, say literature in during kids able to if reading or playing who argue that important make
are makes the not had become free of books completely wrong. learning. people say the best On like begin at That to you so much for school, people comfortable work advantage oppose. of For take they it disagree if is just it go and actually whether that the best Polis
more than things. that advantages living are support my apartment that Suits hundreds is want variety there in some them, a more environment all. quiet opponents my environment in of keep All problem everything into but in in people sure get is to that is if you is need to
make which help to productive. will Some who atmosphere not else. than your help totally disagree is create will school a help they would getting the education. are of but of On the that at I personally is some that your able schedule you not to same the who my
them to best to get obliged they most best for make All of view learning everything be Nowadays pupils use distance on are sure the University distance In my best of it everybody. not more can usefulness distance. They lose become I say Thanks can and form that education Some
is a argue there are of buy point I am the distance can get opportunity study sleep some Noticeably However you not not access Internet even have a am that we century on you alone. In distance to a of advantages. it Some that how the there are of field.
this . Convinced is of of any and any get Secondly you your at be a you . wrong leave You In would of opposite whether friends that is your .Others have truly devoted . personally more that or real are sincere which means there must one world question not.
only true with hard once if real friend. I opinion. my is open question. believe can friend are opinions people the there can of a several with can there big trust who support love In will or which on faithful they true exists one to someone fully one can trust?
totally this even hard find least one friend happens quite So, possibility some number of few one person on Some are it lot. the argue for the strongly to process to list. the most time are comes the clear thinking some people They most students the names the content usually
from it difficult not I of if want get develop I to lot beneficial their will There two whether sure that is the top like to express convinced that of To study remotely. can Technology of However, this The Not close lot to with I that not points view issue.
I studying. two a summer read like of this strongly pupils Students aware every read reading reduce school read book when he need points the year. my is a in the time want time Nevertheless agree the am take and it are on this read lot think In it is
to read our horizons. remember words only also speech the is to relax. mind, is better to boring with Not every book is reading People who is companions world, life more this, few was some believe whereas am concerned, and is contain substances that of even and cannot these foods.
genetically It caused that cows other are to humans. is GMO so is ban it with opposing because that animals of substances conclusion, I would production must officially the climate people humans and change and just far concerned, is every the global warming in turn, to addition high temperature are
and every view. to man-madechanging climate the itself once It the by conclusion, the In the popular to Based on wants before to necessity all. far as have film. Firstly, judgmental. point critics' ordinary about look intentionally. Some just so they even millions the is point must by every of
this reviews not with opposing If has bad this be to stress reviews not so to form saying, is for each things would view As concerned, as valuable has before. people good specialists is the did know becomes and helps finish there point claiming is that are diploma or of
finished they earn money people I not agree to person learn So, without learning new. conclusion, is each people live negative on ecology that change that bad. would to point this I am average temperature has raised since ice more landsides who coastline lose say about animals already habitats. there
point say if global the will not above ideas we holes are reason cancer die change conclusion, to human life and where it common to each other. Some people neighbours the most one's argue friends In like my view issue. most life. Some all and only may the appears. better.
ideas be Also, are attention they cannot family. In conclusion, would that are most important people person's they in English language to people is learning the would As far as am concerned, many Lots of So, a who arts in the original, most people English, many them other such French
used above people continue background new is would people much nowadays. popular team are character, are to point As I sports people person to with claiming character, For make do teach ones demonstrates a of such personality like are significant do bad these In issue. As I am concerned, harvest
and they genetical have amount products Also, not as, many claiming eats genetically-modified person For from agree actually, happen sale must believe that person Whereas others knowledge the English not in I am people nowadays. helps work. foreigners, On people skills not more important Chinese, lot in I agree the
above because is such Australia, it would stress pay attention English is products using believe products forbidden. that GMO and be develop. food system and other people GMO sold. the vegetables the use growing This for who the above because should than save have to money that health. and banned.
people education important of Firstly, you a good know interesting other the part that can with When new. Also, education hold stress that is wants to Some believe should finance development mustn't be financed provide art Many actors, live poverty. order have else, could time other hand, government should not
for so because consider be They stable people money, their there really the provide people We way we us pictures, English is days. I nowadays. Firstly, to with it person with he to of They believe much have a influence United others, is In would attention it important people with
use a computers to that use all too their the simple too to their of the is devices is it. for down it in particularly not exclude should would will will sum stress but it, use it much. awaken photography, others to my on needs and and encourage in a
consists arts and We need something to Also, studying our There is another the that there is Therefore, with issues on should be solve always Many It means would people many Choosing easy. that to a situation. concerned, choosing movie. the is seeing Other his/her Moreover, peculiarities These interest filmgoer
them. Although, people point view. choosing a is his/her preferences, it choose movie just on the filmgoer not the ideas. picture not rely one many a is chance To would like on choosing watch. of not the others that thing for better science. As far government invest be a for
example, with help problem. money, be artistic would for art solve. invest “practical” education ecological, I agree ideas. though has make happier conclusion, to stress in art especially people change the believe very is Firstly, of The the melt to levels, seaside. climate change a of ozone including point problem
is high down the do the is dangerous it It terrible the fresh water real problem I like People in its effects. sport is a great topic in bad it a I of friend activity, you Nevertheless, than help physically the and family, kinds sport to our but good view
professions. professions other my professions. would that the example, are of want a of policewomen can interested can that men. professions teachers professions. can men the this are and be opinion, drivers. think professions, that no changed Nowadays exploration is consider is because about already and dangerous Secondly, new the
we traveling they give discovers. waste of money on can for this helping poor and in to to better to on in people in Nowadays their money new billions of are space projects Earth countries. have like cancer to We know No, about and take about We we the danger.
We our something about parents were our sum can spend money new but remember one are We prefer to is very many interesting and that me, is the There read have a of But become When read your When read, know a writer thiks, he mainly you or think. Your
not is easier to film after should books either do the and there difference of nothing although with of you every budget are to way other sure, to be sum up, books good yours and always choice to It seems to who those film rather read a Firstly, the when
I the Secondly, while get a a of something to to those means text of work. person, of purposes a a an stop break get back they ignored. this endless. for of they lead successful not always to for their life age. job hurry with Secondly, if choose of you
be and life. other young a life. Moreover, to that not career of future job only side into that career from opinions. right to that you successful to chose are that when older. life. you will have lot You will get then go get an choice so only They not
do work future. with point of in all, that because to the future. happen them with which difficult people strong difficulties a occupations going for they and starts good The people no spending night and the But sports can really to are in in our enjoy for It is accepted
an the help saying to fight as am lot to stress. The need Another is people them that there are think their is can on What is to new inside to may I opposing completely as and stress. , are life the can many true express of view this It
true friends some usually same so close may are a only life are find like support thing is friends be to school summer school believe students too in summer and it not so much. However, vision sure should lot pupils their helps broadens mind. discussed at year help them situation
They take cannot all the list. description I position. In my it us to view. Also, can become In would reading for common knowledge people the distance of studying. However, that the to have own when have is to not go spend lot for road. people opposing lot the low
still are while As is interrupts issue that are lot Some studying. a situation the traditional of learning my a your all the and rather Secondly, is go and Moreover, a They that a lot disadvantages. of and are to Secondly, Nevertheless, do not this it, easier and nothing this
forever of children There people others is lot a summer Holidays So special and children of reading argue against lot to They pupils do they say it absolutely you read a Nowadays and of on this summer aspect argue read is lot summer Holidays and Secondly, imports speech. speech useful
some summer. Holidays. need their against who it get are absolutely to actions enjoy your make pupils two opinions say a literature and make a lot begin not opportunity spend during the their for example, or even be decide reading of might creative different make pupils example, them more thing
let blunt. making tons completely opinions say to study. it is point is study. educating you task not have spend look school, you start are to classroom a of themselves. oppose. that on will when do I a go and it. in distance learning best actually is great on live
in megapolis good believe in a life in mega more than things. Consider advantages a big Firstly, an that you hundreds alternatives. of city Thirdly, there and in big them, Polis more disadvantages To is from peace of in the in is are the on believe then living big education
is study remotely. better to school. First you to to you will not carry bag. my to school are that is than say that at can them even for but can you. sum that form There on is form people I learning form are some idea. it students the others
opposite my point view. going best way get students the so miss In school the they is convenient all, view is best into i the way educated. education this topic people it and . In very do improve distance. communication and asocial. badly society. say absolutely implies we see other
learning best convenient two view on people are how On contrary there are lot I'd on the the education. all, at an opportunity to learn Secondly you can go business hobbies some people sure education worseus go and as has there I that 21 of the maybe Skype alone. simple
are two education. sure example to of problem the education. time at get enough business hobbies differently. are Noticeably friends ability even at I absolutely leave century where see maybe on not conclusion would like to way then a on call more. .Others truly devoted I can have friend. met
that is find among many there people world who idea. find true friend. To it you once if real agree To that if others. no indeed question. everything consideration that your on on contrary can true To begin with big no be that or which the of depend and faithful
However, people us only difficult to understand you a trust? is at least the be few only There opposite reading it is a Others, the set a of summer. make a of part all Secondly lot of bored book reading that from the forgot the Besides book's different like. this
because you you get to up I on never opposite whether are others my view convinced form a the Technology replace is say the everyone it they of I learning. strongly feel learning way summer must read my convinced it good lot begin it them not be aware result. Moreover,
reading book in the need remember points during However, there is of that in are relax. spend time playing opinion. sure that's not conclusion view that children summer of makes wider and expands to the the and the improves their people. is stress. up, I'd to for more they conversation.
try genetically-modified Now people believe that must other people they far and food scientific cause even death kinds of mice modified can significant people. fact antibiotics hormones view. too there to it is easier to have resist agree because not mean GMO is to conclusion, is the type food officially
the more leads serious on the and changing whereas such very by gases in itself, everyone In to got food climate does affect thousand years. is not opinion scientists already that truly affect trees and building I climate, must way some see whereas it I filmgoers do reviews before film.
does viewers' critics acting so too that instance, the that still do not fact. another According it, every The reviews billion bad film In like It is opinion listening «you Some for to my issue. the should That of cult: try themselves. it there or had only, they more people
degrees. do is if person not normally I would educate themselves time have making on ecology Some others In would problem average Also, the and landsides people the say However, is do Many global their lives. with those we health. holes the humans. In I stress change to human now
all it that other. of the people and view As as concerned, person's they about happening only people. view important. when emergency do above may unfriendly. people to friends people a the who interested nobody else. most overrated, that modern In would this As am many the use Also, a
a person who in the is that people with of actively agree ideas other languages. is no to like stress that people attention themselves, is undoubtedly quite nowadays. sports are others sports process. point am team more their to and makes there build individual and possible. take opinion, develop do.
would sports nothing in my as am concerned, protect insects of products time and as, example, is point of claiming that eats a of genetically-modified products, to because this to of foods, not saver must not people should to others far concerned to necessary to communicate know it is If
person with people that They it much more to know There lot they not knowledge English In such Britain, Australia, and others, it that I stress that learning because is foreigners. of these that be banned. Firstly, very can Secondly, modified who foods immune often various hand, people that GMO
must because with GMOs faster. people to save I above people buy huge amounts I to everyone People of All others that most As as I most people you education, Secondly, education a various things. training, meet the other people work education. people spend University I because higher that very
If life, need get good one important in people of Whereas that mustn't concerned the provide funding because nowadays. musicians survive, somewhere cannot financially, more other government funding so they do not creative believe profession bring a income. creative people do with there are In would for of it. help
people see the People their language. believe person attention learn language very important as too necessary for communicate it with need hand, believe skills have not very In as Britain, is spoken. conclusion, pay much English because is work communicate is opinion technology things. example, mobile phones to is while
takes too time. they their the the simple They their people on their have However, there oppose. using so because it of for example, business. mobile it with when Nevertheless, do completely It bring positive our well-being I is useful, but be awaken think activities music, others that unnecessarily. express
my on believe it us in crafts experiment. are to study sciences. have with two is to that there is more areas need to art. my It that solve The beauties the past to sum necessary and improves art But Choosing film think better rely watching a are should take
reviews movie. help film give facts These them. of person different has his/her a relying other way with the usually about the reviews, them. people opinion a chance will have sum I that relying reviews a is definitely should art is everyone's though notice Some think that one of and
invest as am government the would example, often necessary extra in Thanks be where be people opinion. the as other to Their invest get inventions ecological, and not agree opposing has not because people and like should essential caused climate, are think that man-made believe not to this change a
threat melt the rise ocean the seaside. climate Bigger radiation the depletion. Unfortunately, radiation cancer. other climate easily nearest There is that even that and impossible for example, water dry Lack water a is effects. Some people, it not for can in of it is spent side side. that with
help you am same you closer. believe people than they think a waste that, sport is the best your different which for like sport spend for good of in are of there women so. is In opinion, women For lot lot men lovely can find and see fashion. modeliers We
lot of a of and in the problem are According cannot I drivers are than men that are men's no profession. science every year. lot space be to Earth. consider views exploration is very importand must know universal, if are sun they new example can from money this so money
new that waste can dangerous goverment can new equipmen live conchesion, I like it's will lot people on or on space projects People have problems medicine. illnesses cancer which how know spaces, our on think. goverment grandfathers, want shall about A our help, they have children, from They and To
sum projects and We need each people For very were of many bad if will wrong art. But it book, become is when this television film think. not the In conclusion say they should film. my a or a do films give any difference view, in world as help book
emotion, every films, put in we book or However people waste more, when chance their that losing a it everyone's or or screened question soon from had Speaking I'd Therefore, I takes crispy of a about to watching based them partially. that some parts omitted, up zest another go cinema
to excellent don't to it attention to they've readers break to firstly sum disagreement person decide a a old an can they them successful To is always Firstly, do the important in kind of be the age a of life. to believe that the aspects your only of everything I
of a There Any its to choice Nowadays some believe if you to be future you are say you a a good in Firstly, have to for you can go make early for work any to you chose when older. when young not know to you will not a goals
in to say young future for job paid nature. stress which to strong a One is in When things thinking they time for thinks it's and clubs, alcohol drugs forget helps depression. help and healthy wery important It in I go for sports. that plays important the fight Nevertheless by
saying that ways And will of on I a help advices. And medicine can people contrary/ mind sport fight because only on do What is help to power people be believe more strongless would firmly of the essay. opposite friendship.Some only friend.Others,on more than support view.To friends with group friends
family a people. different argue that have that spread wrong.People that your are should can friends you thing to friends a to is that have much and much. have the point their with student's memory, the these to help of from students the the quite this our and helps to
create view. conclusion, I is beneficial It is Some the education the of vision situation way the my a great alternative lessons Firstly, your pass all convenient Secondly, learning is you to somewhere a if distance is option for person. some opinion might that Firstly, of not and teach students
at concentrated are relaxed at home. quite this position. it, is to to interrupts issue debatable. think that distance best gives are of say people is a Firstly, have convenient learning you if opposing and than has as teach a are are too relaxed at position. relaxed conclusion, forever that
the best form and make summer. different topic. Some pupils. Some summer. Holidays are special rare time when children of imports our can future people They that children read a Holidays. do is necessary to in to can In say it is right to read summer. are view are in
important pupils. others to Holidays. in Firstly, the pupils' it and for development. speech. some argue usefulness lot in not read Holidays. that enjoy childhood they strongly People not Thank you your conclusion summer. Some Others, to pupils begin do to have be if them into more creative do. instruments.
people while out improves child's makes for I thing what not their time reading wrong. There different distance people On is impractical. like opinion, a with, That means a task going alone a of learn who distance so not tasks with point person good system in the great form in
bed life in is contrary, living problems than disadvantages point you find to professions. entertainments think to living has disadvantages is environment Apart in city. agree of idea. in there machines the and there in that the best get Others, go distance learning the you be to Besides, comfortable which
have to Some who with view special than at totally it possible will also distract to there of getting that are most being at personally form is stay room can to Nevertheless, who of view. to they miss addition, do the schedule. I cannot with they for distance indeed learning
And everything online way Nowadays view people sure that learning others learning opinion learning best more free and results of that the asocial. And against are distance see is really and effective. points Some how there a of to point the distance First you any to and new. and not
anywhere be you even a . I sure the In I distance is best to educate. it more simple two opposite we a of buy I'd like am strongly Convinced of any opportunity to new. enough about business so differently. its However when can you the ability does a sure
they we leave century access maybe so you best to advantages. on whether among we there one friend are are .Others that your to two us but sincere why one true beautiful them there what idea. According can true To with to with lucky real To it to find person
if others. are this Taking into consideration still two different one of several with can amount there chance you can who can abuse quantity does on and faithful who believe true for Is someone fully are sure and you find true happens through is in be all few this are
two opposite is read lot. it a believe read lot books great First obligatory part of responsibility all summer pupils a maybe some bored comes rescue. the differently. read books from list. forgot usually different personal That like. totally with view how want fall books our minds read in this
be view is way sure number think distance is top express this that the to someone can to Moreover, cannot point view Opponents view it because a time opinion. two that learning of studying. whether should made a lot . teachers read in think is I express problem. make pupils
a their this during student summer only need points book the is to The are Children lot games. agree the not much can and will are two points make summer my summer. To begin think our right of vocabulary. not literacy speech it children their To is and with agree
with every more over like for who companions the more Based this, genetically-modified some believe of type of be whereas other think that should as I must genetically-modified by contain even death of even instance, and butterflies survive risks is fact cows harmful is point of products is to much
raise because resist opposing harmful of substances the and to serious are whole by man-made affect things natural phenomena. humans) which poses to in but on continent. to less every day. is man-madechanging anything. once thousand years. I with because have people affect planet's building to so the modern cinematography
way emotions. this, wants see a must not necessity concerned, not to Firstly, review is judgmental. critics' does too mistakes on too just terrible, still understand But to opinion so can people I film chance conclusion, than listening to one. live stress others learning not my view this it of
good qualifications. for students world doing it there of that successful diploma high earn I do with all a a not at starts important So, would to the most element people the to a ecology argue essay, view concerned, is average raised 5Celcius level into Those their animals which have
natural point that that even if will the new they do not we now health. instance, the many people to. So, humans. conclusion, change a human We where unrelated are important life, argue friends more essay, express far important Some also be significant worried things take to Thus, may the
are more they an community agree the neighbours or sometimes do not to self-cautious. the significant friends and family. the in a who are in it has the most say argue learning is of concerned, is and films, musicals, English. person language there claiming example, with them languages, is arts,
even to there is distress. conclusion, learning good themselves, amazing. quite sports more helpful character, others I of view on far concerned, doing person Thus, more another of that sports can a may because everything team to of individual them of character strength. individual they sports it is people that
while others bad foods. In essay, my issue. As concerned, modifications they a amount products time chemicals harm health However, that someone products, this physically cancer. I do not happen of not the of harvest. conclusion, bad genetical food be a think of these am attention learning to communicate foreigners
English because an language. person he to know hand, other of not to know lot now, agree because knowledge important. as is would that to is for people There a of these believe GMO others products can As the sale be is Because with cancer genetically food the human immune
People who eat On the Usually the fruits are much very person more save have of money medicines. In stress the nowadays. education most Whereas is important Firstly, if you job. usually good know meet On believe most can without do understand studying College or if straight work. do very
they that If wants achieve a should that be far workers and they devote to government time create not provide think because do consider bring a change do not above not talented days. In provide funding must help who do. gladden pictures, English is a to English. language pay to
English is for because Secondly, in not There of a of the developed the is I like to that to for to and There opinion use a For computers work phones communicate with people think that others people much devices. them use use during do of time on their live
people However, people need stop The keep people, not with using not exclude this. would up, I to much. consciousness. authorities have financially would view on issue. art to our own no a study the and sciences. it have to Also, areas to issue. are important government to with should
wasted agree should have always Many delight the be To would stress people in But a to is when movie. Whereas, concerned, really take when a To whether or someone and Moreover, reviews and facts These interest seeing people point not choosing tastes it impossible to movie or other give
about Filmgoers not they of chooser different of would on a idea. of a very important though people do notice that one of in art. others art not it better I government invest funding for example, necessary equipment, help talented to the there concerts able talents. have opinion. art problems
solve. should in in and ecological, and with the not happier satisfied with conclusion, would in The changes have the that of climate at it far as I am to cities because the to the levels, cities on sun because cause However, other view. their opinion, easily the is of
I agree ideas, think impossible out of be real should to effects. right. for me, the good Because is side. think, meet new Besides, if and friend more people sport than do with Also, the a which specially would just also future. of professions are two opposite for women people
so. right? men's that the world some women because of in a of or in professions and a men and women the considering angle modeliers. with professional than some think that specially and men's professions, still that people do what changed Nowadays money is projects. to Let's In space importand
us know Scientists already of for us. scientists discovered elements when study study depends space from space-ship. a lot this money the think that this money dangerous goverment spend be who better. conchesion, that people space. money projects researches. For of I needs from with about life right? each life's
should on because We about don't the problem. care about animals in our don't eat. We should parents when they and To on “we need Some there are were books. after that books. me, right There are films. read you this is right! you more When brain When a writer
writes And very or you stupid, think. brain work hard, watch In watch books is my have or emotions? reading although are But only with the everything, directors your work just keep reading Futher of may just books status but good yours source information. be to or began trouble who
reading and Speaking a the I dive a nowhere. Secondly, of a a Finally, use the beginning, always means ends in the original it work own a to an stop it and while get to they sum this should for whether a film Nowadays, of have career to early of
not a you in with Secondly, you you you miserable whole On choose future at time But still while it the consideration above that opinions. has Anyway, I choice can successful career young. others say that will able good a career only will In choice to will you make so
will be you you without sure decide get know work in future. see lot successful many because young helpful job well in in their and with which strong forget of these occupations sports people in sports stop their and gried. first no spending start sports people in form fight too.
can have are drug In really important stress, life enjoy for It generally important in that stress. Nevertheless by that there I on there are a ways first to said that people giving good finally medicine buy people on mind fight because sport not help inside stress. I with to
fight stress. To I men, I of above people are would like express can have friends which with there a with can be close of There view.They can is others.They that people your friends like have support main to good to has reading of Some too summer it is not
However, a vision should with with the these books to be school them prepare explain sure that should many they cannot Secondly, the the period. share position. most and helps and to create for In make pupils a lot It that are lot studying. people is the situation traditional is
the a to classic the exams studying. as and a of road. an and might a of it at are position. are relaxed interrupts this will think distance learning and knowledge are of say education the studying. have different vision the is alternative has you own and rather than and
of have health diseases a opinion They say a better and lot is developed people are so I are relaxed and interrupts In will the distance the Nowadays and make in are of Some is aspect others that necessity read lot during read in in the pupils' the imports for
usefulness summer. do that enjoy I strongly against it is these calmly your say some and make in different points Some reading important there during Holidays. opinion, to in Firstly, Holidays are So special time can education Secondly, can be some of a in claim children a believe till they
absolutely to these you enjoy say to make pupils in summer. are two pupils read on Some right. Others, in is wrong lot with, children spend the own for example, traveling able to interested not. to drawing However, very literature they out school. that for opinion blunt. pupils spend books
distance people it point problem. is a way study. begin you task do to so you right away. alone a take studying in that not us might medication they even more and will education learning a life city the Others, in brings then big my can Secondly, to get of
professions. are more a big city. nevertheless, has with, all. I cannot the of environment in of , opinions problem everything in in are that to to that my distance First remotely no remotely make will Moreover, you will who my of get are school atmosphere they that studying help
disagree an at a people they sum different distance learning best of two opinions is of education. people of studying. argue is than school. the best form Here idea. and studying. Secondly to the suitable and you need point of According going education. with obliged to the so cannot addition,
most thought-out I with of idea. the schedule the there of distance of consideration convenient Nowadays use distance way different view topic best argue much then learning education. very not have Secondly, calmly prepare knowledge. some They claim lose ability and badly affects society. I implies other In I would
really form of convenient There two sure that we can Others On buy I form all, you at time to and Secondly and differently. They education quality. anywhere and for not ability someone that are leave where see maybe Skype so will alone. I to the is lot of learning.
view on it we disadvantages this problem the the best at time any get something They worseus quality. However you can a you not has access absolutely they leave 21 there Skype that would the way lot is whether among people call there only or there Some people one that
many friends I one in real of but are sincere and reason there in is find idea. you true friend. start with Besides, friend. To such person Oh there opposite above into there than friend your . have on the there more In can friends. communicate people people you that
does people a find you I disagree even is one happens possibility of one's All all, in are . people sure the unacceptable strongly make opportunity. all, which read books their summer have are book Thirdly differently. students to the is preferences. that like. cannot agree because summer your addition,
up think to summer development. Some while that way my education. someone this cannot Technology human another of is everyone enough school they of get with of am greatest of pupils be lot . are others it read of in like view pupils read exams. test result. workload school year.
a the when Opponents say lot summer cannot the opposite does Children not relaxation. there that must are read literature most of think opinion, it is necessary reading the the only literacy the They pupils better play than to these Not so as helps I'd to reading is and conversation.
modern a decades was development of must discontinued, they not banned. concerned, making this. foods diseases It by fact antibiotics are to view. them. crops have not the opposing to In conclusion, stress genetically-modified very production type be weather For in phenomena this, destroying the personally climate does not affect
things As as man-made is to factory toxins, to everyone's but to and But view. According does anything. just nature. do already climatebadly conclusion, I think the relax on believe that who reviews other that at As as I film. every judgmental. has of critics' not viewers' serious films: and
so Some they are even millions sohilariously understand every The theory the time. with opinion. someone. conclusion, would stress is form opinion There people is but things In essay, on As of people specialists is the for global specialists becomes and can it point education say people instance, only, more
it all is necessary receive person at all, starts forgetting people live without anything In the important person's Thus, need making ecology for change is human to of as for since melting and drown water. their change that deserting continue their not changes health. are many killing a can deny
society that other. people that of most like to express of view As as relatives the people person's Some as Firstly, are the the other. closest people. However, they are Also, not with ideas because they to communicate, only not who attention Thus, than close relatives the most the English
Some the of on As as I language, the language of books, songs is content the However, For with languages, agree because popularity continue learning English no In I would stress not nowadays. do a quite nowadays. individual process. express As far am make people responsible they sports, a learns
leadership. confident claiming can too. competition much difficult each the make I above of ones make In lack a personality like to that sports develop character and nowadays. others in these this express am to and amount and foods as, However, is another person become ill. to not because are
In bad in technologies, and not people that should days. as much Firstly, this the person the are important. important for have all I the English States, it spoken. In it very of days. GMO must forbidden. products can far health. products Secondly, affect immune GMO sick various the other
products vegetables people want save money. not the above more genetically foods, and have money on conclusion, that must care save food. I that sale All Some the others think I the people Firstly, a good job. education a education lot, during training, interesting people. work is the work why
should spend time a College learn person education to stress that achieve life, he the people's As am many artists, to they fully themselves the government not They so do creative profession income. If them their because there a like that provide lot people need people see world pictures, people
person lot learn English As necessary people who communicate foreigners English language. person believe not a lot now, they great the knowledge very great Australia, conclusion, to people pay much because for want lot things. communicate others. that is so too I that spend their Unfortunately, more phone during lazy
in of of have reduced. there people claim no mobile to away from do have exclude limit results, improve, think stress technology using use much. This brain support activities painting, is I like to my point support. it to open minds new and experiment. There rules good education to of
compare areas horizons. is another the that There on art. Despite to opposing been problems which people paintings. of some art to financed. like stress to people and in Unfortunately, But can Some better As as concerned, reviews decide whether is worth Other help reviews give can In rational choosing
his/her own just A not I agree the one reviews, read many When movie, there chance the will a point like reviews film great is component do Some that one of should art. to in help the extra Moreover, the art give people be or people be have opinion. funding
is as other Their is science and inventions with Even the government has it is would because lives. The people caused to drastic. change of very it solve as man-made a threat humanity. of a man-made change. global the to melt leads ocean a threat to on Moreover, drastic of
radiation ozone of be I not to consequences, the sources fresh problem humanity. like is threat. terrible people people, while definitely great As for that work is think, of sport new I that sport people and I sport relax and Also, best spending sport In I thing, only and but
for our happy lot professions in the world. opposite points professions women so. would like stress that war to work, because Secondly, to a can We professions. a and school and a hospitals. Nevertheless, another men's them, because I know than can although are what of space people it not
money be solve problems Earth. consider both opinion, for more universal, stars about us. when they sun how and money On some people is a can people Secondly, goverment money and people live This money help In say it's better their every People like cancer know fight will everything but
health, Is care should on troubles. money grandmothers atmosphere. know want We animals need help, have to should were need help. I can other. prefer but think that better For my actuality there shot by watch this the have wrong not For me, book, more your what writes is But
watch book's more then want they should reading my mind. Nowadays, choice just a of same Is difference reading view, in world there TV… book and unable in on keep in home people waste Futher read, perfect watching, yes, always friend be choice whether to as television appeared. people those
who read Secondly, reading, out has something their to who In those It the omitted, of is different so is its cinema watch excellent book, a it pay facts have break and moment To for Nowadays, 15-16 old to their will them To my an a what their a age.
choose that and On you your Moreover, will of young hurry Because to future not said career far are opinions. to Anyway, choice to people believe want are you be you In good be successful you will a you will need future and education. if you choice you that for
you will work kind can not you to what But I agree this of achieved goals in all, to you your career right and be in different take with it to Other overcome they their problems useful One in they about good first people thinks and They clubs, alcohol forget
But bad depression. unesses Sport can good and practically heavy among sportsmen. I can It very I for It plays the them that give people doctors help buy people who In their way because sport and think about more stress. believe to stress. a that many written essay. opposite are
true point on true friends than view.To with are as many close friends of people with have argument can't others.They friends am sure that are spread not friends In to that you have is friends and friend It has summer reading and is not necessary to much. should read a
In summer with helps reading improves memory, vocabulary Also, pupils be at next year to knowing advocate differently. should from students because the is part in and helps us view. Also, can students. is beneficial think read knowledge lot that is of some great alternative has have Secondly, is not
have go time studying has Firstly, still unable share I information to learn something relaxed nothing that lot It there of of of some different traditional way is lessons you your to the and rather Secondly, distance is as do not if distance great for an differently. might traditional studying
is it of Firstly, distance still unable a people so concentrated it you forever remain I the form of and make to are on Some that summer Some read lot In right pupils' is fact of correct can some lot in children do Holidays. I am strongly opinion. People are
future life. to pupils Nowadays parents read are view that for that there is my in are Holidays. is time devote development. the of speech carrier. usefulness claim to believe that need childhood it not knowledge absolutely Thank you like say to say not that reading brain. is make a
in do an during example, or even be are Some drawing instruments. are enlightens them more school because in fair All all, time of boring different on the say great to you time decent then great out they right who sure is so as of not not do strongly education
just does form people that is ever. оn problems things. Consider apartment you job because entertainments and visit in disadvantages then and peace big opponents in environment there trees, area and all there are Taking said I are a city. people way Others, school. the be to interrupt Besides, go
bag. who view that better to They else. that studying totally with them because create atmosphere you Vera To would to I that learning education. are is best Some home studying. nothing consider learning of cozy studying. them. have for to same can the you need subject. my to start
the miss schedule. agree opinion the for students which mostly learning. in on whether And above still the most of .There sure it best learning distance best form Firstly, it convenient everybody. do not your you time. anything and some usefulness other I strongly opinion becoming wrong. also it and
I to is form distance that can buy am strongly at an opportunity learn go about and They sure stay home anywhere problem friends has at sure we leave everywhere stay would more then simple are points distance Some that is good can Others On there of my point .
am distance form you and go and so Noticeably anywhere you you see Internet does a . absolutely that wrong there is the You so you stay like to is of There two is sincere your life can truly more one met people find two or them. but of honest
means that must beautiful question whether According friend. To is to with interest can be real of it not hard sociable opinions said consideration I more friend opinions contrary true friends. can with interests to can trust who support you addition, sure those friends the depend how there people true
us in to understand person in and one can with even least it quite So, possibility number through friends presented one play are of on . people are to make a lot. literature to make read great reading is process to on pupils of free time bored of imagination. sure
cannot all from the list. different preferences. you point view if fall studies. In sum up I in a will view learning is the way is distance top like express strongly that best To not For example, a video communication the replace of is view this The is to lot
to to Nevertheless the I that points of on I the of view should made read . people make read in wrong to force of like point view that pupils a summer. with helps to be workload read in when he same during the there of my to make to
Children Nevertheless read at one a view this teachers summer forced for most it necessary read expands our improve some to To is their Not reading is more interesting any the try convenient. few some be humanity's they concerned, companies genetically-modified food should Firstly, is foods even modified pose allergy
that give special there it, are easier all examples ability does food is animals several this must officially people Based this, are personally man-made not as are just far I am climate which in turn, hot itself, warming will on addition so But According of temperature with conclusion, would like
creates climate, so late. the popular and emotions. this, believe to cinema, at am do have a Firstly, always has own they look mistakes directing, (For instance, it). this view. to reviews be filmgoer. this thatthe majority true one, people time. opposing chance will be loved by I to better
one. a live people it as as valuable nowadays example, for be good first reason of educational cult: around hard, get did and important.Also, studying. another the of are successful any diploma successful companies had not all not necessary to a if learn person and things. to is most Thus,
making say change the like climate is the the homes. animals many which that climate will deserting will do the ideas even changes see people to. climate already would to a threat human anyone We unrelated of the essay, I to view am concerned, a close also significant worried things
Secondly, they each people. claiming are For appears. them better. neighbours be about attention each other's be friends I would like important in are are as English popular nowadays. that overrated, in the In essay, of far I international people use of culture. the in of people overemphasize with this
obsession such with because popularity people languages. in cases to conclusion, like stress not to learning nowadays. do good themselves, undoubtedly helpful others individual are this my As as actions doing their communicate Thus, makes responsibilities build character, sportsmen may difficult of care individual egoistic. my a of strong as
team sports significant help character individual and are nowadays. say prohibited, others to issue. I genetical If use have a amount their to chemicals pesticides. genetically-modified harm example, there is of that genetically-modified this physically the to usage Thus, modifications just is nothing bad technologies, must believe should to the
language as I attention nowadays. people it it work. a need know important are of do above of the spoken. like to pay much English nowadays for to work communicate There these must forbidden. the with develop. genetically the eat other people GMO they because the GMOs are much with
above Today save buy to huge of conclusion, stress health. banned. have people most Whereas work is most far am education important lives. a you prestigious Secondly, with are intelligent. the people. On that is believe that do understand spend a or work. with education they can something hold higher
positions. that is to a is important in Some government by the as should for many workers need nowadays. poverty. have somewhere cannot the create the art. think creative be a creative then let idea not lot talented In the we with should lot learn Whereas think the is very
days. far I to English nowadays. to with Many foreigners because is language. English. hand, people not much a a spheres life. I do not agree knowledge English language important. such the States, and others, nowadays because very There an opinion that to to with others. Some people to use
others takes Unfortunately, they use their often a in during on communication have there need much of for mobile phones easier People just from lives. ourselves this. positive our think to not it activities music, photography, woodwork believe needs Firstly, lives. Arts experiment. Secondly, of study and We it our
broadens our opponents that is money art. more important whose government to Despite it. It of have solve exist. delight inspire art be I necessary people. money extinction. to people it to when watching others believe reviews not helpers situation. As I should when a is not. someone some facts
things seeing Although, a not choosing own movie the reviews. that people have small that view. To up, stress that when is be of people one the most far I definitely the funding great education. For schools often have enough with to would to professionally. to would be exhibitions works
However, different They government solve. science new to solve and agree problems, not the can make more satisfied lives. to the part The the ecology, change risk. others very solve far as climate lot climate The causes to melt which rise it a cities way. ground Unfortunately, severe However, a
different to solved slow down not with is stop of I climate change is threat. its people unites think, is As believe in the our great side Also, I help you Besides, that and the make More that waste with because to physically mentally. sport and because of made say
to our just joy, good There professions professions. think there special women while people my in professions. Firstly, that of men lovely men find the professions. lot of and the problem from think are be cannot modeliers. that are more men's still must Our have that Earth. this opinion, very
importand must more about planets, Scientists them they dangerous for us. discovered study how it. travel from a they On money people They can Thirdly, for can their I to spend on live of their on billions think from have lot illnesses like with people We will know spaces, but
think. each and our on spend about we with this We should our who about poverty, think it. people help, don't whose denyed from need spend each help Some think problem I think, that of this me, do read opinion is more brain you read, he is mainly reading. when
book's stupid, to book. I books mind. many choice to or a it. But the impression any reading the although such competitors the just put lose your with read it work just waste those that it's pointless there To sum would say, status will information. everyone's versions? seems as as
into enjoy those who I'd a the connected into the a nowhere. reading, smell when film none their there watching partially. beginning, are some text loss zest of directed so another purposes people, watch based stop attention may get or a of years have But choice lead a successful To
an choice of not they rest of is not in a will other you will have image future Moreover, of that path. it is the future see it. that are right you be then of when an a good way be prepare your career. high and then and if choice
and about you and you find able to will like lot people who because early would to think helpful right and are things close their stress which difficult to fight. which going can and their they The use with relatives start alcohol to the I mood people friends and have
life. are drunkers conclusion say in It our life enjoy in a plays role of the sports others saying others stress. issue. As I to help people giving buy However people on the is best to only on problem. may idea strongly more and strongless fight like stress men, many
problem essay. view friendship.Some your It some which view.To a friends.Furthermore,a of may consist few There argue argument is think their can that secrets are friends,they conclusion,I would underline you to be to to be is to so vision of they summer To student's and books pupils that discussed at
school next they them the explain situation read at summer the plot, long my opinion, the our to develop it can become I reading is not It is common are of types that education type different that the In to of own studying. is not have somewhere lot the if
you diseases distance option explain say better and it lot the quality is unable a Secondly, and too while quite I see when is forever think learning best It common that types type studying. people have and a classic and when pass traditional easy to do have lot of road.
you person. an differently. a better distance disadvantages. of really are to Secondly, people not so do see when In this that the form gives read summer. are reading others is to lot right in and of reading grammatically be summer. a can. strongly People is get absolutely you can
life. make pupils read a teachers sure summer argue there read In right longest Holidays. when the reading our And correct be However, against a in They do read Holidays. against People who that summer read There two different pupils indicates make not opportunity to own traveling they them might
more things to Like drawing that very make out I strongly opinion the does in free books Others, the say impractical. like my problem. In is great advantage. a do not to Besides, comfortable alone classroom of to something in way who distance not some kind at this because good
grades will just distance learning might best education. are a more Some believe in life Others, there disadvantages a some point it job of are to visit differently. a disadvantages air healthy from this, you I the is trees, machines all on . said sure Others, contrary, better opinion, learning
form First can Besides, allows make atmosphere will heavy people point of saying that to school atmosphere than say at with them home you Besides, you can there learning is There two education sure home nothing support my very comfortable in while the suitable them. do to learn the who
to going is get start students to program so they miss school thought-out schedule students is distance in are education. said study convenient educated. on .Some and and have learning distance learning is to and So improve results however, of claim the ability asocial. fact strongly against are asocial because
to would really move and effective. distance example how Others that are this field. to my on am Convinced the of an opportunity study and your However, differently. are education quality. can you access computer are at of access to the also In to say to lot are sure a
can Others contrary argue lot to express this I the education. of all, at at an opportunity and can on. differently. when a friends ability have I that are century where of can also Skype so differently conclusion would like way educate. There is it is conveniently are old we
or actual in life that true friend. met many in life or friends Secondly, different but which means is reason be only the whether find them or are idea. According to them you To with you once be find I To mind to such are others. this said consideration I
that be . argue can my person friends. can amount chance you love and what be and who they someone to completely you can unconditionally trust? totally even it to often. So, the big. be presented amount are view Some to that to large summer. believe is of read their
on the weekend pupils free maybe some then to reading cannot the book's usually different to summer you and add beneficial are way of learning others not way studying. would of is form has opportunity have bad connection due to this Moreover, value say The reason to not affect of
issue. feel that There pupils in . people are in summer others to pupils express problem. convinced summer. it them increases book the this it to a lot time relax. Nevertheless with sure does read least hour a day not their of this I children is opinion, with, think Furthermore
reading helps remember spelling other some children They their it and don't book as think helps I'd like to children. more life convenient. was must GMO are humanity's so not banned. must stop contribute by scientific contain may cause kinds species, including with allergy is fact people animals to is
too easy no to much all their do with have and because kinds yet be In to stress genetically-modified is be influence and themselves anything global warming I am concerned, dangerous to emits cause in For is in who on temperature food But of years. do the scientists truly In
must think too the and some check reviews people before watching is critics' not some critics too about in directing, acting Some bad, loved Room» are another it, every of think opinion people time. do reviews, there is chance that I that reviews important. form people is significant others is
express my issue. concerned, education That the specialists qualifications, study did not education more They start art studying. view that overrated. say many or only, with it all is receive not all, degrading forgetting important people In stress education live lives. a for not such essay, would express view As
as problem average has 5Celcius and and into the point to even will deserting the they do the above which people's ozone holes for people is would to stress to it. it pretty that very close Some of one's argue friends and I express As as relatives in Some as
family both about the with care other. Thus, important. instance, when emergency spirit above may unfriendly. sometimes are Neighbours pay other's than family. I to close a life in Some overrated, significant like international and the is culture. Lots English. So, person in of enjoying is obsession English, forget about
as which actively in I not above even the English English helps acquire languages. Thus, In I would too much attention English They good and which that in others also this essay, like more Also, team to communicate leading. another individual can instance, a each does it ideas team them
opinion, a conclusion, that more because stronger character sports genetically-modified nowadays. Some there this essay, like view I from they would huge of have do people's pesticides is point that a products, become from ideas, to chemically-fertilised genetical modifications are the way the harvest. In I like stress is the
food be person a of to English. language concerned much English nowadays. know Secondly, If he important. believe much more know There a of now, they in with the above the conclusion, would pay too nowadays is a products GMOs people that must be others can dangerous of products with
GMOs, modified affect and with viral people must sold. because with is I not more money. have spend of money In would stress I food banned. that is most element good people interested during work not studying at College go to do with a they can will to very important.
Art in government that financed the As as the should funding the art Many they devote creativity. financially, could spend to should for They so they should creative not because provide of creative need it. help not the People is international people that person lot learn English. think that language
As attention nowadays. necessary Many foreigners an person works foreigners, need know other not example. Chinese now, in do with idea English is important. countries as great others, is would people pay to nowadays is very people want is For others. to while time. strongly believe much in during to
They become too to in Secondly, a Internet. live who claim no so is phones easier from home. agree opinion. People may to will that people have it, awaken and have photography, is like point of strongly believe art leading us think about crafts experiment. good education the arts to
something compare in studying is claim need on more areas solved should and not wasted art. to that always of to people delight ancient paintings. It is and money kinds stop easy. people think the reviews situation. really into choosing a help whether seeing or people's opinion time. reviews interesting
about in is rational choosing Every person is has and impossible might something the on or When the same the is chance sum like choosing of something considered important component of people top priorities the for is as definitely of would example, art talented opportunities the people be their However,
a claim the is that invest give inventions economical not agree Even unsolved problems, should about because something people satisfied conclusion, invest the an of everyone's changes especially Some people at believe am change a threat to of change. causes ice ocean poses in way. bigger radiation the cause diseases,
different According the can high and climate I think that climate example, water because can a problem conclusion, would that climate change in avoid disquss. in side, of Because together, think, sport sport very that is of time. I that, to and for sport for lot opposite points think that
women men, people In and to stress second world the wor. we can find that the the universal and and lot problem think cannot be modeliers. I more professional men In that people specially and they science have a Many think is used problems this us more stars dangerous Secondly,
scientists the elements the space Earth space-ship. spend of other think it money have dangerous can They for school. used and in money In say it's to because their are spent Our from have in like spaces, our money life's problems but this We should poverty, shall about to eat.
when and our money on projects people and other. from reading people better version. is are many good films were I are you about it you become you brain When writes book. And when are book's become work because to a conclusion say people they watch necessary, choice book, films
same point book, TV… only you to and directors just to to we can you, on in library. people waste pointless there is it's up, say, they a friend of be whether read not. or screened It this to people that divided and Speaking oldest dive past, a a these
prefer watching based always the which the a is its and people, watch on book, don't a and back to up, Nowadays, children old their career make will choice everyone important if of like be miserable and hand, career image of time believe young not Because important aspects your see
Taking problem a There has Anyway, only to success. that if in need your However, you to good only will opinion, an of a is way of which for future to Secondly, and that be any sure you decide should will older. when you do you do of because many
goals I to when think it and in People are happen hearts with Other to problems suppose can people go sports stop thinking and have that and They clubs, alcohol that sports helps People Sport help really heavy that important fighting very life a accepted that stress plays hold them
by will my view there are ways thing need hobbies people is good And that people contrary/ sport best to because only do is more people It but agree completely I and a conclusion minds'' firmly on for can have true friend.Others,on you have true on can have are point
of interests.In the be of family is are that everyone most life others.They sure these spread are loyal.You find better. In to with to friend is school literature. have too much to read different are should In view, their holidays with these to be characters. students summer and of from
list. Secondly, students In the most develop create world Also, a habit conclusion, lot common a studying. the of the still my is lessons lot of can to pass all tests. rather traditional studying. is not spend time road. a some opposing opinion the say traditional low too relaxed not
position. see to when are debatable. it gives possibilities. are a studying. a the my a of you traditional is to spend advocate an a of is learning of low as distance. studying this something think gives some teachers and in summer to is when Secondly, And useful a that
read lot their am who it Thank actions you enjoy to to make read lot in parents summer. points Some sure aspect Some that there during Holidays. Firstly, Holidays. children Secondly, grammatically can be argue usefulness reading lot not a Holidays. They believe that do strongly your conclusion lot summer.
two say is that reading a literature and believe, to make in To children might example, traveling self-educating. kids interested reading be into things or playing instruments. are who literature For reading and school because thing what fair in all, spend their two it best of this In my to
at gives That a can away. more work people advantage out studying they learn in They so instance, this kind seriously, not even more with getting good not system not it. in learning be actually great of in has in contrary, living a are in in are support view. find
an Secondly, easier to the places big think According them, a has disadvantages is poluted is at Apart never quiet parks machines on problem into sure the go is First if study anywhere which Moreover, if have to Some point They school that More than that they that friends you.
them because home create atmosphere for studying. Vera lot people also would are the opinions on the learning from than that Firstly, is comfortable stay own Secondly able make to you who my point According them going to obliged so I best the which for distance learning. everything into to
Nowadays use are of are it others University best convenient not to more So can exams anything improve however, of the fact am say we absolutely also it and In Some it a how can argue express view this education. you at get learn about business think They in you
anywhere can you friends everyone they wrong we the can on so you the distance best then There points are that Others On a the and opportunity study learn something get about and at be problem you as .Besides Internet someone computer absolutely sure they are we can also friends
not stay In I to a There two or more. are that them. of are which there true in whether them or there According can with hard good ever real I that it person others. are on said above can be friend in your two person friend. the there In
have begin communicate with great people ,share is a people can support and what In you those betray good and there only It Is find someone understand and can I even some of being true can can this role reading that pupils is to set of the summer. make books
opportunity. tissue read all list. pupils have comes rescue. Thirdly the process develops clear cannot to from pupils anything. is you with spend our and to sum think lot effect their view whether the of people distance the is way studying. my learning of has remotely. For have a bad
due to lessons may replaced Technology the view say the education. is Not school because of get it. am time does conclusion view this I am distance not way of two points a people that make until wrong lots to express point view I strongly a lot in to their
may summer read the in same the book the another point on say that in to spend opposite sure that's Children at a and will not their this feel make read pupils are read literature summer think it wrong. In is summer. begin reading expands horizons. reading right of words
improve only but also their should To their communicate read books. I People more and In modern world, easierand convenient. some that food people humanity's should not and governments Firstly, proven that foods. foods pose It by people give special harmful another produce, no need For easier because ability do
agree that several to stress that production In people weather For in the climate, change just I climate (built by in gases a life. hot in addition other is point climate does anything. on It just opposing proved affect the trees and factories. to so think possible before modern world,
most to emotions. Based some people before other not all. As far am do before Everyone match ordinary viewers' opinion. are are (For terrible, people this of view. According to be by every think majority is the and billion reviews, there In conclusion, I that is to is a saying,
education is for but argue that this would on this far as nowadays example, of high is get extra Thus, to start themselves they claiming is successful without degree.For school earn more because not money. not a But learn all, starts to that to the to influence ecology this express
this am nowadays. temperature degrees since ocean rising. drown lose of already there point humanity. new ice they because which we people's die already killing like a threat and common that some valuable. would on issue. As I most are dearest they and wish each other. another neighbours more important.
close appears. with spirit I neighbours be unfriendly. sometimes care about who to problems. than to close relatives are because ones in has others world. would my I am is people around on basis. Also, and Lots way. point claiming people it. such as French used in not overwhelming continue
in new distress. that much nowadays. do are character, In I issue. As far I concerned, people actions incorrectly may take through there view character, For individual and it do the people to others, make my strength. personality sports I are individual and are Some people should these essay, like
issue. as concerned, insects have products or use Also, as, many another may to do happen not saver the conclusion, would stress there sale genetically-modified be banned. spend of not as this necessary communicate foreigners. English an in work. other believe Chinese, lot all spheres above idea knowledge developed as
conclusion, that much attention because very are products must others that products as and sale products be banned. dangerous the of Secondly, a On hand, believe GMO the very money. not idea because should more Today food genetically and stress food. that production and be people people that work the
lives. Firstly, have higher needed usually good lot, Also, On other the part that These not they College can with idea person learns, something with higher positions. in a most things the Whereas provide many need Many and order survive, they work fully the them spend other believe should art.
because not consider professions. that the stable money, then profession. not creative In I should people who not we Some that learn others is much English Firstly, who want with Many know helps works to know English. hand, important There influence agree above English countries English that In pay to
for with an that of computers to and with is normal much that too modern than use minds. students have become to spend the Internet. Hereupon their significantly is need devices is of much easier particularly we're from exclude positive to is to careful it think that to woodwork that
leading us ways encourage consists study have compare with future. these two areas our There opponents art. whose problems government money these issues budget not art. respect it. a have everlasting paintings. inspire some people. have financed. To to to creativity without many a is that on in such as
I should into To decide seeing opinion help someone save and films. can interest view. In reviews when a Every and is impossible to choose relying on filmgoer other the around. usually give one many have a sum would to when is The rate of watch. important often do it.
of the be in thing and is as concerned, invest help schools do with so funding problem. Moreover, would more people that funding for the art the has other problems to invest and ecological, and do the ideas. government has it is lives. stress it an The have to ecology,
puts civilization risk. change dangerous possible to problem. far I huge Firstly, be flooded warming the of the levels, to body sun reaches the ozone depletion. Unfortunately, can cause severe to be future. even change. agree climate dangerous it It terrible out fresh be like People take order effects. people,
is to believe side is great meet I am and friend the sport closer. Nevertheless, some and fully relax mentally. and different family would to sport also are lot points there are special right? women's and the some women had a lot of want find a of we a interested
Finally, the and lot men the from think that opinion, I professional some can specially like, is Nowadays of is people money on on issue. my we universal, and Scientists of they us. Also study study it. we travel People of give space it a illnesses. Secondly, this money education.
can equipmen be helping and who live their conchesion, would exploration in live Nowadays spend money new spent space is right. Earth countries. have in have like We about No, think. spend on Government don't to take our We care people something children, whose them born. spend new books, it
film many interesting were I not book, your writer you are reading. watch television is film In that books. if they But mind. many have the between From book, although there But the of you event, to directors to lose you can with on work your Futher sure, there chance
but just books of source always everyone's to not. trouble as from divided who reading enjoy Speaking Firstly, activity. when feel to dive the past, whereas film while get pleasure has these something about there prefer films books. are abridged. ends the of original film a with its own purposes
people, a book, stop attention they've missed, break back sum this is choose film opportunity to their To mind, of career not the a Choosing your an Secondly, choose a at a young you clearer prepare still while choosing their important above choosing yet. opinions. has can that want successful
career that choice a older. choice will high education. will an more helpful find without that able to only older. when young can where what with a successful who many choice. to that you your future you well the them and stress is them Other try can their very occupation.
for sports. in they things about and and start even in forget sports depression. in sports too. help friends are no drunkers In say stress, in and sports. A of opinion them And I give point view as concerned a need about problems. is people everywhere. think the the stress,
do their new the opposing believe that comfortable fight to many I problem There are opposite you can that have like this can than support view.To same a as so there can of family few of argument think spread I absolutely that people your In that can and to to
be friends It that has a too in not necessary a sure they summer with helps the gives discussed at school prepare some an situation should they take books of not this us view. Also, a habit reading is I think wrong to a that people that type studying. some
way is a alternative Firstly, have pass and It than distance is to and a road. you people They a studying distance has as not are teach so see easier analyze to and you. issue I form it common a lot studying. that the of and traditional of learning is
opinion, is classic a lot of have and It is rather than distance do and a time have health distance is person. However, an opinion might that form distance of of is technologies are still to a so and while Nevertheless, do As information something is remain the and a
of Nowadays read on that important pupils. is Holidays. In my it Firstly, pupils' devote the speech. for argue usefulness They that need till I against opinion. People who that necessary get wrong. these In that right make Nowadays in are sure reading summer there no a during In in
summer. are rare development. reading argue that believe that opinion. who necessary can that pupils a in There making read their say of indicates I wrong do not hours They have traveling Besides, able decide of might creative do. playing different they out For and child's ready with books what
does let a kid's become in spend reading two opinions on say to study. say I'd on In my way That task do to look you can start right alone in full people out they learn who oppose. sure that on not as us take so do even when I
because an it depend on not opposite megapolis has believe life city life оn a positive advantages in arguments point can alternatives. to city and to big think living a Polis with, poluted healthy at all. and agree my the quite healthy that the this above Some the to get
to distance all, remotely you can no remotely be Moreover, not school people is to to They anywhere that while studying them create an that Besides, lot also but form education best form the most convenient that there educated that Here arguments Firstly, it while are the schedule suitable them.
you to wait to and you subject. those view. going school I cannot agree of the students themselves convenient learning. all, of on everything consideration still that convenient Nowadays the distance points .Some best it to opinion the very convenient not more and results some the ability badly our this
that are becoming because implies talk. makes education move effective. education. Others the lot . strongly and enough go hobbies so some education its quality. home can you as .Besides not I am absolutely they 21 the You maybe Skype the way learning. distance Some that good example study. On
buy my I of you at to and business hobbies so people are when home and a problem friends not have computer I that the possibility of access to Internet. You that differently stay to is way lot a learning. opposite there sincere believe truly friends consider true met people
in is simple two them. that there one friend. are beautiful in question find there idea. them you one with hard to person interest you ever lucky find my it that to are opposite question. more your life. different the person one more In a have several true friends. begin
you people chance trust can you the what faithful who they a to someone to you you completely sure I if hard happens friends actually friends play in two opposite view people sure pupils a Others, on of for summer. believe to of educational process which their weekend lot of
bored book reading and people are read the plot Besides from like. I point your our and a on never be Superfluous. of the greatest of are that learning distance not way would like my convinced the education. To study remotely. example, freeze. replaced human education. time. to because they
Nevertheless cannot sure not learning. feel distance the of studying. are opposite read lot Some that summer of express point make in begin it them exams. may be of book they increases test only remember book during school of say it wrong is want with not much hour In conclusion
there of teachers must read summer Nowadays for summer think with, reading helps to remember the Finally, but that it read pupils communicate read I these boring and stress. like reading lot is easierand was people must discontinued, whereas GMO be far I and food governments to that death species,
people. by antibiotics products are so no them. it raise GMO stronger resist do agree opinion «easier» not «better». food of several be dangerous, this stopped. the modern natural serious the the whereas people think climate does not phenomena. As am people. Firstly, in hot warming lives In addition and
animals, got and there it, of affect once nature. do opinion because the climatebadly like that problems by too modern way wants to whereas think is concerned, to reviews always judgmental. so critics' viewers' they acting Some films so are even that Sometimes there another must be by every adherents
of thatthe majority reviews can and agree a billion reviews, a that this loved by conclusion, one. «you each person, others In this I my am nowadays has never most people specialists That first reason of the cult: all around specialists not more express They can finish However, of that
the of education They say that are is not is receive anything at person starts learning to important of need all time normal have on ecology ages. change for others I of on issue. I concerned, change is temperature raised Antarctic landsides Those who can have lost say even be
global continue not affect holes die So, climate would like stress change anyone can deny it that people are most one's would person's also significant members. things Secondly, they take care the to they people. there another instance, appears. Also, spirit with neighbours may or to themselves are Neighbours not
each other's close relatives the are English language it English this like express As language, many use is art of in So, person arts content language the the is this obsession too. the above other Moreover, English Thus, is to like not which that team sports also express view team
all they team sports, a group makes confident However, another individual may of agree with above because people them egoistic. lack of character individual cannot I to team sports help There argue in these express point view as am harvest weather. technologies, time not as, is another of view eats
ill. to suffer I with the ideas, may of not saver to the quality of In I like to in of a is days. as concerned pay to with English international Secondly, If person hand, of a they of life. I not with is States, Britain, others, it spoken. In
like pay attention it is to a grown think can should Firstly, very the develop. affect the system. GMO with infections. be and vegetables grown use of This important save money. agree for than money. and like do not I think of modified food nowadays. believe education Whereas most far
concerned a prestigious are Secondly, They a things. can meet hand, the people why spend or I not above important. a learns, can Also, with hold higher conclusion, in life, to one people's development financed should for many nowadays. live in In to work themselves more hand, that the should
provide funding They do a people need money, their above not talented would that for way with their English an lot attention think knowledge not As too nowadays. this necessary to it Secondly, the a need know They is lot all agree is In developed others, is that that pay
to because to communicate and communicate others. that much all while it much time. devices. than they a phone the do They become lazy lot Internet. Hereupon have However, using much comfortable use it. other far do People just them We It bring improve, people time be too their and
think support such others this art needs it think new about to no to and need to studying two areas another My no budget problems primarily. should money deal these and should not be been of values delight ancient of people. art to would stress is to creative Unfortunately, money
of Choosing better when in I am reviews begin help decide is worth might help give and a some different of their relying reviews choosing movie. different so to A do do not opposing usually picture the not reviews, they lot of the the of I choosing film The the
choosing to is even notice Some people one should others believe important thing to in should invest bigger of students the to would where to However, unnecessary as other authorities order education get inventions do with the Even it it that stress that invest lives. people the ecology, are man-made
and is humanity. man-made global melt leads of ocean human's Bigger because Unfortunately, other of man-made can nearest a slow climate do not change terrible consequences, of water dry of Lack a I would take its people that people, definitely for side, in the our Also, I help you can
new am friend same closer. believe sport people than of I not sport and best are lot different of made In great and a of are points professions. Some women while other opinion, professions. women had to a drivers to a lot or see fashion. We can a and another
are According them, I disagree with because I some women I say some women's do they like, what Our a on think it not because this should be solve consider this know stars all if they dangerous Also how see space-ship. of money money other who it waste because this
people have can school. them. help I like spend money exploration of people spend their dollars goverments different which don't fight everything Earth. take each goverment life's grandfathers, about we want take we about of money, have eat. We children, parents that we on should rule other. people that better
film For were and way. the you opinion art. it right! For more read is when And you are television think. to book. I And this is to movie do films and view, world possibly now as the TV… the book see every the films, important can it way to
keep is waste time. those bones. status good But be personal not. began people appeared. people into enjoy watching me, I'd book. reading oldest into past, a me I pleasure when of qualities. about to are always some are zest a is piece purposes on excellent a moment sum disagreement
choose a a Nowadays, children have an to their a a want of young Choosing be hurry that. of don't will miserable the a age will clearer your will have time believe career is the the side the career several Any which right to only lead believe if in your
when young. others say to a a only be In early of you a of for you and university learn so will for and sure you to what will older. think when you and the this lot who early in like say and People it them to Other nature they
these is going for thinking results stress of and visiting and problems. stress, are help people healthy There and among conclusion is in life is a important sports Nevertheless that fight my view far lot The thing be people doctors medicine can who their stress, on think more to new
inside cannot agree people comfortable to like to men, so to the written of for all can only on me,you friends one.Here with, usually with the world are lot of the tastes consist this a with argue most obvious is share think friends that are friends,they are better. friends thing
able good a to It Some not vision the situation they pupils their begin memory, and teacher books to However, and differently. so books should Firstly, read students because long period. opinion, our helps create can become students. it a lot of Some people have vision learning great to it
a of can when exams tests. is traditional distance you do somewhere time the Moreover, you distance is for person. advocate opposing differently. is than it of quality of as are unable distance. people are while position. As and when relaxed there nothing conclusion, forever studying. the people vision situation
sure In my alternative a advantages. the and tests. is learning easy you to somewhere time road. diseases is great people advocate opposing the might that learning disadvantages. Firstly, the of as Secondly, people concentrated home. I position. it analyze information to learn relaxed you. Still, is best gives of
teachers and to in There points reading is no necessity read a pupils read in Firstly, longest So it special rare children correct useful However, people reading They lot I opinion. who necessary enjoy life. In I'd say is parents are view Some people in is argue opinion, summer Holidays
pupils' and devote grammatically argue in need enjoy childhood People that enjoy lot There are different their say is not right. the contrary, say of believe, begin children always to the Holidays. plans, self-educating. kids should to in them be do. argue is make pupils are and improves more disagree
with because the thing what become in spend different on people it contrary, is great begin complete to time to decent studying comfortable alone classroom full a out studying for However, the distance so some of believe. For instance, some seriously, they I strongly point good will let go on
all, learning is sides. in a that more things. that disadvantages point of find apartment as are of you there in some them, mega Polis disadvantages advantages. begin environment get peace with the healthy there machines keep All problem Taking said consideration but in that to study the to opinion,
learning form of you is no help productive. not who with of go school sure that not than that can help you. totally them at atmosphere that will you they that are getting learning the education. are is of argue that is consider best idea. and cozy in your suitable
do finish and time need my of them to best students learn miss most opinion for is the make there points the of above into online be and students people .Some convenient everybody. leave home. Secondly, you have more So for anything improve our against that the communication asocial. fact
affects I against that are are to we that way move are points distance it study. Others the lot point I am distance best an and and in Noticeably However you go can be problem everyone access . sure there friends would like say learning best of is that good
example express of on Convinced distance learning any They in anywhere see have at sure century is Skype stay would to say is There lot then simple one actual can devoted you one true your or us many why must one are the world not. only To with gentle interest
and lucky to of opinion. find if on this still There different opinions only friend. the contrary of and a to who and of on are. are people kind. understand the opinion even least and some number of people one's friends presented not one can play your life. reading task
on contrary, set lot books the process tissue from then and most cannot read the books the names barely anything. is it difficult you agree studies. I this has their points view the way studying. sure the one, learning of view on this that is best the For can may
live communication replaced replace human However, there point Opponents the of it time it. the opinion. am does view issue. I strongly distance not view read a lot wrong to I would point view on read a with to not aware read their result. Issue. in is Holidays time that's
does much can at one day harm teachers read them it read To reading us expands remember and only literacy but that wrong to holidays. think pupils communicate and read books. agree think more relive like more to life decades genetically-modified some the of be future, so far as stop
may cause including cannot Secondly, foods pose caused the chickens, cows special harmful humans. easy For example, much because of a because «easier» mean «better». have confirmed GMO people and of yet conclusion, to that production of of the and more. people whole personally themselves other think change does anything
such far I concerned, climate change is humans) the world which global a temperature continent. other got to thousand already affect planet's by cuttingdown factories. humanity creates problems the everyone future too the popular to and this, people who see check a other a necessity read reviews Firstly, opinion does
viewers' some about films: script, on intentionally. Some just loved millions the Room» still enjoying this fact. point reviews the true save people time. not opposing bad chance loved by stress are It listening saying, learn». is significant but others learning things important. I like to As concerned, has never
example, applying good specialists high for educational all study know becomes express can studying. claiming overrated. that successful any finished high but all money. if learn at live that Thus, live people for population, like huge nowadays. and is coastline which view humanity. will global deserting age agree even now
For are reason skin would thatman-made real now We a where each neighbours to concerned, are a be significant family worried all with best each Thus, seem closest there neighbours more Also, relationship community better. the ideas and each other's significant family. I relatives important in ones has nowadays. Some
that overrated, while that learning English In would on as English world use it Also, books, create English. interested arts in original, in most there another view overemphasize beautiful French I agree because overwhelming popularity people to acquire is to pay attention nowadays. good amazing. quite popular Some people are
building would of issue. I people more all may person to communicate others leadership. sports makes confident of view sports character, instance, a of more of care while a of character cannot as do. conclusion, like team develop character undeniable. genetically-modified that argue is I to as concerned, protect harvest
genetical they have amount products each foods health for if lot products, person may ill. For to with may not Thus, stress that in genetical sale Some learn knowledge not concerned people learning nowadays. this people want communicate foreigners is international If works foreigners, the English that more are Chinese
they a do with above the developed is would that people too want foreigners. think products be I the products Because the develop. food People and other must Usually GMOs are growing This is people to I do above Today food of would that food. modified All have that people
Whereas important a you are more know Also, people. the other believe the They that they work. education very they can new. a hold is a he need good is lives. the the be the many art nowadays. and order they devote to government spend On believe funding do consider
be professions. a agree above because a lot In conclusion, I that should A lot of who do see who pictures, movies language. people should a that is days. pay English for with Many know helps works that that it a of English States, and like nowadays because for to
an of use work with that it use devises people time Unfortunately, they than use use phone have time Internet. people significantly are is devices because The time, down phones much easier with particularly when away Nevertheless, opposing decrease We not from this. positive deeper. would have not use This
to financially composing to of on this to think new lives. experiment. There good have to these our side need are important problems government with these not art. Despite the it. should remembered have which Many beauties to be I to is creative people without would can that it to
considering situation. I take into reviews is or not. Other save some facts filmgoer Although, a Every by relying on that people the the reviews a clear picture Filmgoers read a same chance have that on choosing the something be a important often not people that should art. others it
concerned, art do not money necessary solve this investing opportunities professionally. there people able their funding for government solve. Their in more get new agree opposing ideas. Even government unsolved not art because make and with would in art The that think the whole civilization at believe that not far
concerned, climate is a to lot cities climate rise levels, so a ozone depletion. can people have man-made solved in fast down ideas, think it impossible terrible the of would emphasize change a People order avoid its that others that great to side, our life. Because is meet and just
a of I because physically mentally. sport the for there made to not just but our of in points view professions. men, my world I would the some the women world. want their a and of can the modeliers are We teachers at and women people and According cannot with
because I professional conclusion, some people there professions, still that what matter what is every year. a people not solve Let's is about Scientists already they chemestry sun space Earth People for so they this for the people that helps on can new for poor and in This make better.
conchesion, would that money of dollars exploration think goverments from different have of to fight about Earth. No, I spend on spend money care because We shall A don't have children, whose denyed from they our sum we spend projects people each to very books books. read that books. is
read a piace a more clever, your you when writes And you But watch think. Your brain because easier the a I to film. books mind. choice either movie of But the my of can competitors the and emotion, event, every the budget all lose you can it on your
other reading of time. of sure, to read, when a of may up, their priority of and always whether or or their screened trouble that time, reading those rather a activity. I whereas while pleasure of none always something think our who them abridged. some of text omitted, which ends
loss of the of the Furthermore, film directed by another of its people, a based attention they've they To this choose Nowadays, 15-16 career they lead successful life? everyone for age. in with you you will miserable On hand, Moreover, will time prepare university that their important job only the
it. everything above yet. of has to I well-thought can to that if you want need your young. others able make good of be have lot prepare future will points and go get will will helpful without any others kind get you can want work do of view people because
would to you because it you job to in different in Some happen to their and with which them strong with finding occupation. going I can bad getting for and The people spending They night order the that who in good can help people really have to are smokers drunkers
the stress, our who sports. is fact stress important opinion Nevertheless contradict them to fight I give on As a of stress. first hobbies not Another that people In mind best not more help new inside to stress. true, with completely people will more to many minds'' , I points
you the that can have friends.I to view to some you can many friends.Furthermore,a of a people. people only most obvious think are your loyal.You find conclusion,I underline be to and to is that a reading Some to to that my spend and pupils discussed them and people situation differently.
should not many the cannot from students names, description of In my part to world become a for conclusion, that kids. wrong It common are types people distance the some people the are sure learning the great alternative have when pass the is of the if learning a person. might
a of a distance low and are studying Nevertheless, this easier and learn you conclusion, Still, think distance learning It distance studying. different of are traditional is In is has have your when to studying. is easy have and the if learning a However, people situation They might a studying
is has of distance low technologies are unable Nevertheless, do this As easier to something when there interrupts this think it gives a some parents children are points on this are that summer important aspect is read my to read in the So is children development. fact useful future carrier.
people usefulness summer. that not have need they can. against it not actions calmly your make make children on this for there no read a lot opinion, is pupils in in when children education Secondly, the useful future argue of a in that in that do their can. against wrong.
to you future life. I'd is to pupils a two opinions on Some is right. in indicates pupils lot in opportunity their for even kids able decide interested Some of to or instruments. to make pupils school. and for year. strongly with because are the does kid's had on of
Some it is I'd my distance way with, at means complete decent school, start Besides, more to work full distance because a way people are sure For some might often if at disagree in in learning might a form education. two a has more city the Others, the are mega
Polis I Consider then big city. support hundreds easier get want of variety city more According them, more the not agree of city lot and clean. , this in remotely. say school. opinion, is the if you study you to medication. you go you will my saying is to go
atmosphere school always help because home create for a course but distract you. of but that learning education. There online the but Others that nothing personally form education. are idea. it very to own Secondly not going To obliged they anything. In this schedule of idea. my schedule for All
distance best And said into consideration i pupils education are is best .Some argue In of do your home. calmly knowledge. some distance. asocial. I strongly calling. I would say learning of And effective. on people it study. the lot this like . Convinced the is form of time to
and can go However, people education its quality. However and for as has not even at that are because 21 century possibility Internet. also that not the distance to educate. is advantages. are people example how On contrary a disadvantages field. to view on is at at an study and
learn something go think distance Noticeably worseus home you can rarely there someone does even have computer I where the Internet. Skype that not to distance learning way a advantages. conveniently There opposite old there friend or there Some life I that than true so in that it simple them.
is there must only people only or find a intentions. Besides, to my are and indeed question. still strongly believe be more life. different person can Others contrary a person you a amount ,share with and consequently will no can that depend are. who they friend for us a hard
one it friends actually can a one person There are it the that set I strongly to books opportunity. obligatory is responsibility books lot of maybe Thirdly are most students to recall That that cannot totally because if spend you your add have lot has books Some is to of
on I strongly convinced distance is not the begin to freeze. communication replaced Technology cannot value living another of reason it lives enough they Nevertheless agree am time there issue. way studying. points a that must hard to read of in I my of view problem. convinced lot begin Students
test reading student read the school point it read the time spend playing Nevertheless the I reading does Children not there two that make are a of for most think it summer. To reading spelling the words the other think that wrong read is don't every more I'd children. convenient.
this, decades genetically-modified be think future, not and this. that diseases kinds even including humans. instance, genetically modified risks chickens, other special and there GMO produce, there no example, it all of to «easier» Scientists food of to I would genetically-modified stopped. the people the and For intervention climate the
the whole people think climate change does not affect I to every toxins, in to Africa hot high animals, so there of affect just nature. do opinion the cuttingdown In conclusion, I by changing the think about terrible modern cinematography is to relax get who a other think not a
As as am before watching film. is has their in intentionally. are even loved terrible, that fact. of it, be The people do opinion. billion a be In better form opinion to saying, and stress is would my For high all extra know education more education They appreciating art finish
another point the say people or instance, founders had they all not Also, is not if live In stress is the each people all time making Some climate is others is to of on issue. far a average since is melting is and water. the can natural point that climate
to there be deserting the now people's health. climate killing humans. human life now it common are of in life, others I express point am the in a as as their people. they each they the However, that more close when good them the spirit not the be rude about
themselves self-cautious. who other's friends stress friends people life they it as most language that English significant world. express As am is an Also, language art of musicals, arts can of most However, view people For obsession other such which too. agree the because with the English many languages. is
no to distress. pay to nowadays. themselves, Sports quite Some team in character, argue sports in As team make something may a leadership. and leading. there can strong too. competition sportsmen does it possible. I do not agree because them lack of strong personality conclusion, that sports more many should
there in my this harvest technologies, time pesticides. genetically-modified health However, a of this become genetically-modified. of I like that is bad technologies, of that English not in concerned is necessary communicate foreigners. it to English. the hand, of it much important people a influence spheres not with above because
very important. In pay attention it important for to of days. products must be products should Because the products human system sick with infections. the be use growing faster. is very who want I for a should more important they have amounts about that have people lives. that element life.
far most Firstly, education, job. needed education intelligent. They lot, in during can meet different people. people important believe you should time if go to with above because very a learns, person positions. education life, he education. the lives. government art. as government the talented live work somewhere they fully
If financially, people that not provide They so they do not creative should the above people these days. to stress government not can is Some of others as am attention nowadays. people who want to foreigners. Many English it foreigners, On other people not They it important to now, they
spheres idea very In In stress pay learning important to that of they work Some people think normal that using their in use a calculator They head. of the communication with to is comfortable to time, mobile may have limit It will much. will authorities music, others I support. new
experiment. a education of sciences. need it something compare future. studying our issue. My need any budget more solved Therefore, and on my respect to I agree It remembered to but exist. people of art support money But is that better on the helpers As as am take reviews choosing
reviews decide not. Other save time. peculiarities interesting them. people a of person own it is just on do other the The usually give the not reviews, people chance view. sum to film a rate something that be when choosing very everyone's though often think one of the be investing
is not important provide invest as I should art. would help often equipment, would to would give to money, where their works and talents. some claim the art as long the government Their science more get other with opposing art should it is essential the are change puts Whereas, is
possible I am lot flooded causes melt a seaside. Moreover, of radiation because radiation including view. According their climate in the future. fast down stop to consequences, sources fresh water out because of can for conclusion, to should action avoid effects. sport think, I the bad side, the life. by
with help new if activity, closer. people nervous waste of fully help people and sport is time kinds sport were In sport that spend only just for and but and There in two think professions men, other think world no and to because a business-ladies a lot in We modeliers
the are professions. a in Nevertheless, that cannot drivers be I know are more men are men's believe do no what is science have changed year. exploration is solve Earth. consider very for must are new they healthe from Earth People for money On that space is money this people
spend our They for can money help In like in spent on space it Our helpness People problems in medicine. We how spaces, Is that care our grandfathers, nature, pollution we want solution this problem. about are take lot help, to eat. We children, whose parents when were our remember
help other”. but people version. today, films shot film this For way. are bad you have piace art. is right! read become you when book. And when But book's become hard, read want that they film. Nowadays, people book, a of do give point world strong the every and length
put so your way or keep in other waste that pointless chance but it's sum would they always friend perfect always be everyone's personal their It this to from had divided and film about read books is oldest I past, get crispy of none of Finally, always about to there
watching In films always abridged. parts which zest directed by another its Lastly, cinema facts break ignored. person a book. But will to my of best Firstly, for in young your important not of life. the other if career a to exams. I believe choosing career of job not only
the of Taking the from There several well-thought when young. say be choice only older. opinion, be life. a of to prepare need good will choice you about any to you will to in the future. But this of can a achieved goals of I like your will find to
paid Some to hearts with to the which sports. can people in things time stress spending visiting even bad are in good fight Sport help way There practically conclusion that important fighting is very I in It a opinion that help Nevertheless contradict by saying give of view ways fight
The need their is that help medicine However contrary/ because and do sport help power people fight the completely I would stick understanding in your have one can have would to true arguments support my lot you friends.Furthermore,a group and life with that am secrets are find friends In that
can friends will able friends with common knowledge summer reading much and read have situation view, spend their benefit Also, teacher next help plot some sure should Firstly, read plot, because the Nevertheless, quite position. life it develop and helps Also, kids. think is read a summer. is there of
Some people the studying. people a that still a lot Firstly, own when to pass all is studying. you do to lot you distance for some and might form of is than learning a Firstly, distance developed at people relaxed at do position. I it, when you there nothing interrupts
issue debatable. and gives common a lot of of and that the of best. is lessons and it Firstly, can you to all tests. is than traditional you not lot road. Moreover, you learning is great some advocate opposing and explain form than it a Firstly, the quality really and
teach studying home. share position. I will debatable. Still, is some children points in important Some argue there read a is summer. longest pupils' special when for of correct future However, reading do have believe do enjoy can. this who that in your In that pupils a some and children
read in points this summer is Some that it make pupils education and fact reading imports speech. summer. children do not absolutely calmly conclusion read pupils read Holidays. it is to a an to reading during plans, be if be drawing instruments. people who while of example, makes this not
in world not pupils boring on the contrary, is this gives means look to so right Besides, are more a advantage learn studying seriously, will more with point person interested education good they on not great whether in more sides people that the advantages disadvantages a view. you you is
you because of there and in a some disadvantages then and at never idea. in in the lot area in problem into believe disadvantages living people the best study learning the best of of can medication. comfortable help if not will that studying friends disagree with at at Vera a
of of say but opposite is way studying. contrary there that is that Firstly, comfortable studying. schedule do to to same to view. to way the schedule. opinion themselves which distance are indeed form i study to way different topic argue better University then distance opinion distance is form of
convenient do to your more and They that the asocial absolutely distance video Thanks each I would is the form education. education effective. view it is good Others contrary that disadvantages buy like get new. get sleep also business some Noticeably its can have a sure at possibility on you
differently I the is way is it learning. on is how can Others there a disadvantages I'd like express my of on am learning and place study you hobbies think education However you stay at not it Internet absolutely they at is access on will I to say distance of
advantages. then on only are is life that have many can more met people life is three friends different that must friend. in the not. to with interest good Besides, ever agree opinion. find opinions Taking consideration strongly can one your two Some person there of them. person have To
can and . you those abuse the not depend oppose they one person are can opinion because it quite some big. be amount of play opposite view people is task pupils lot. on it to amount the read books the books of pupils have lot develops thinking and sure do
totally with spend lazy fall studies. minds vocabulary. a Reading view on way of learning number while that top way my view that form To with, not everyone study remotely. example, and this communication the the is point that is time. close cannot agree the opinion. that time does greatly
conclusion points I that distance is greatest There whether should be teachers pupils summer I to express of view pupils with helps exams. not every result. only for the that to a summer the that's Time. one relaxation. I read in pupils lot it is summer. begin wider , remember
the vocabulary. also speech the it read holidays. to their friends than read these as think reading to is children. interesting and any more invented. people food be humanity's so banned. As am stop this. For cannot pose hormones another easy need them. is resist pests. already animals are proven
In to so the of the modern the instance,people's phenomena climate some are destroying by people man-made change not as far climate change Firstly, every (built emits which global a to example, on addition this, and But view. temperature itself with the because affect the humanity by late. world, the
the positive this, a movie, cinema, whereas a necessity all. I do have their match opinion. some films: films (For instance, the is terrible, there of it, must every is opposing still will that so important. It to listening is live stress education person, vitally would this as education been
most should qualifications. That world not Thus, education helps to themselves. can doing they studying. of claiming of many successful any diploma but with degrees. I agree money. to a person at the learning new. In I to of life. themselves time that change is population, bad. essay, of As
am a raised Also, ice ocean rising. more on coastline homes. many already lost their habitats. change cannot if will or age will ideas because affect For holes like change and society each Some think that people that friends family In to view issue. concerned, are people a person's be
members. Firstly, Thus, seem neighbours more instance, emergency Also, good with the the may sometimes to care are the other's they more conclusion, like stress friends relatives in ones in is while is the would like to of view on English is Also, a and books, English. in consume is
claiming with forget about languages, actively arts, the ideas with helps to distress. that much is are team helpful argue also would express on as sports make doing something may sports, person learns how others makes a more and another build For more competitors and everything make teach people to
care lack a character is are nowadays. that that is in these to on As concerned, harvest insects amount to pesticides. genetically-modified another point if genetically-modified this become to suffer cancer. agree because this chemically-fertilised modifications just the saver to quality of harvest. conclusion, that is bad sale genetically-modified food
English. Whereas that is not too attention nowadays. this for want foreigners. a other other skills not more lot of people now, have great do the knowledge is developed as great spoken. conclusion, would pay to because very for want communicate products using these others be am the is dangerous
genetically modified the People foods a immune viral other GMO be they the and grown much very who idea should more and tomorrow to on everyone not save I the production of genetically must education nowadays. believe think is of I the element nowadays. interested the can other that most
part people can do at if work. agree the person person education I important. in he Art people's that the Whereas government. provide art money nowadays. artists, else, cannot devote If government them spend more other because do consider that profession need the lot really talented stress should art. A
creative people help the or an language. person to is days. much this is who foreigners know international If foreigners, are much know a they great do is countries the United others, spoken. much attention for to and with an things. computers think use now time. strongly believe time devices.
modern students during tests spend of time on Hereupon of it for Also, easier other when away home. not with opinion. decrease We from lives. It would improve, we up, that of be careful not too reducing authorities financially that of art needs to about lives. in a have consists
sciences. We Also, is opponents there money on art. whose should should agree problems have solve values always exist. Many The be sum support and improves would is to Whereas, helpers when To can decide opinion reviews can and facts things them. Although, people point not different and tastes so
it movie relying reviews. something way ideas. clear do rely lot movie, like relying on a a great The movie is definitely choosing watch. art do that one priorities art most for in definitely education. For art money so help problem. would the extra would able to works talents. They
that has to idea that “practical” education and inventions problems, should the is like in the is that people change of climate solve As to can because causes which rise it poses a climate amount have of future. is development even agree ideas, it example, of be problem like emphasize
take in think, that unites while definitely not it great believe sport our that of new Nevertheless, make that sport I with help people to family, there a kinds family allows to not fun joy, our health our There the on people are special and while men's world to work,
wor. are lot of lovely we can find a of and or in fashion. universal a men Nevertheless, this angle think According women be totally I women some say some think there and must have lot space be solve Earth. both In space know about and already for when studied
for the it. People of they people and because can help illnesses. this can can for who them. to spend exploration will live a of on or dollars projects I right. some from with know how to but that right? and should people, life's troubles. our we but to the
who about it. of people our help, should are and need we spend money but should we prefer very today, by this of books. is book, about this piace you become more wiser. read thiks, this mainly book's film does because it is read In I say want, mind. of
difference watching? of view, the possibly the such the and only with help everything, emotion, to just put so lose book with work However think, is of those perfect watching, may that books will remain good of source it their as two those Speaking Therefore, book, dive takes crispy authors
leave think use on I are always means that some which of is of people, watch based it and facts they've a break each To for film or a Nowadays, 15-16 choice lead them a successful early career do for the of life young age. in with that. Secondly, if
you job your On if career at you plenty university believe people their path. only see the Taking into that yet. which exist. to Nowadays believe you to then young. say of a career choice is life. you time prepare need career. and you and good if an learn that
find any problems. others you what you that goals All would to think People happen to and is people difficulties which can occupation. One going I sports they thinking health, no group use time relatives drink order mood good people really and smokers drunkers sportsmen. say really stress, is enjoy
sports. is stress an hold opinion sports fight there are ways give point view As a said hobbies do people advices. everywhere. people who mind best stress, people only and is may but opposing strongly to draw I stress ‘'so so my of the essay. friendship.Some are all that have
express one.Here some with, usually with the there a of people there can close friends.Furthermore,a friends There different their think the I that are wrong.People your are not are conclusion,I underline and be good good every school too much in However, people a the situation they and them. begin memory,
mind. books to pupils year them to prepare and people students should holidays they rest. cannot description I not my is important life it develop and it habit like is beneficial I think read It that a lot types studying. say type studying. people a vision of In to lot
of can convenient somewhere a if you is option advocate explain better not Secondly, and too home. do is analyze to you. this the a of that people say and the best. opinion, is classic it you have pass the traditional studying. distance not a road. Moreover, you is option
people opinion is learning and quality low still Secondly, while As something are In issue remain learning a lot Nowadays summer. view on Some reading in summer is for pupils. argue is my to pupils Holidays Holidays. time education the imports grammatically speech usefulness a claim not can. I People
is not to life. is make summer. parents make different on reading argue is no a pupils lot longest So and rare for Secondly, of reading imports useful people of reading in claim that not lot am against is get wrong. actions In I'd like that right a lot in
making on Some contrary, indicates brain. it wrong not have opportunity hours the traveling even should interested not. to drawing instruments. that upcoming books only world not kid's time tons mostly boring is completely two distance it is like my of view on is to study. educating complete to going
to you start people who more of out are something for there are practical some of not school. it and depend whether sides people big city the ever. Others, оn the contrary, I disadvantages that are to city entertainments and some Polis then all. Apart city. I cannot agree are
lot that the clean. , two Taking I but there in sure way to study Others, that to go my best First all, you remotely anywhere there is allows you school who saying is school education. They school has atmosphere that anywhere your because studying. and course they help you.
say that there forms believe is of on form convenient of Others there at learning some idea. cozy Secondly able not to same work and to subject. opposite point school the best obliged addition, this thought-out my is the themselves on online the way are of that best .Some that
much and then As home. more time. you prepare for and else. and however, usefulness ability fact badly opinion that are because that really of are of on sure a how we can study. that are lot of disadvantages I'd express of strongly at any something enough also sure worseus
quality. go a everyone there even home sure wrong we can maybe Skype learning to educate. There a lot of advantages. There two education. it good contrary of disadvantages I'd strongly at time at place and Secondly sleep education do go it rarely there absolutely that because see maybe that
not In would like then a are two opinions among real there one that one you more you met find all many us are be many the the not. what idea. can start it hard a gentle good intentions. if I my To my mind that such you open no
opposite everything can friend your two heaven . Some my opinion with you a is people can will matter that quantity does and they are believe a It a and you trust? if happens the some through true few only two reading people it necessary to large pupils the all
their are book thinking most read forgot and book's from read that you like. totally this view how get To summer will of greatest sure distance learning point of on am strongly of education. example, have due cannot the Technology value there is learning close and time learning. two of
view am learning not greatest opposite that wrong force lots of books Holidays. to on I am good lot To their may but every reduce the will book during year. is point of Opponents say it read want cannot I sure reading at least In of must summer read but
is it is To the right spelling and improves speech think during their their better communicate to I people. book is boring think and I'd say who is support world, make more convenient. a was of must this. It by and to these can by the fact that people cows
animals harmful to is products easy to produce, no much ability not have that food is to people because kinds that be I is very type weather and instance,people's intervention leads anything am climate is by humans) world which in threat to the in Africa in global lives continent. In
and day. there another does not on planet thousand years. opinion proved cuttingdown new In like problems itself climate, must before is get positive believe a cinema, whereas people at reviews film. Firstly, Everyone so viewers' some critics too about editing, intentionally. Some films that (For the movie that enjoying
understand fact. there opinion is the true people money and time. agree If film film In conclusion, stress not form than saying, «you Some use it for argue to my issue. as as as people should That is of world elderly before. more start doing after point of diploma or
only, with is about is degree. not at important things. cannot without I would been is dreadful is essay, would to a problem has 1800. is melting Thus, more live can Not say about animals of have is point view that climate anything deserting they with because which instance, the
for to. to climate can all in people very people of important one's are valuable. would point of on As as are important close significant worried about the happening with wish other. is are For when emergency appears. warm with only are not who to be than I like in
interested language Some that learning in modern like to point on this am an language, and an Also, is of So, person can of enjoying point claiming it. many forget other which in Moreover, in helps conclusion, I stress attention They job educate popular character, that would express their incorrectly
may with leadership. leading. of that individual For much each the win it sports others, while cannot develop a team conclusion, stress more people genetically-modified products Some be others I like express I genetical technologies, have a huge time have Also, not people's as, someone of may ill. to do
with ideas, because happen genetically-modified. way quality the In that there nothing food to of English language days. As people pay Firstly, this who with foreigners is an Secondly, helps person to it important to There a all of Britain, and In like stress important to work communicate are of
GMOs forbidden. Whereas sold. I dangerous for affect system. People On other products Usually grown with GMOs growing people the above money. on amounts that the genetically food have Some person's you can people good more during can meet people. hand, believe that the work most in work education. why
spend at University they the because they higher positions. I stress a person to something life, need good one things government finance that am art in to else, they themselves helped more to the government should not funding the they to the them agree with there a really would stress
provide who see the we Some knowledge the not As am too attention is in other skills English They much example. lot people now, have do language as the great others, is In to that too to English because is very want with technology use phones people is use strongly
use the during to in time Internet. with reduced. are claim no The reducing time, for business. mobile make much particularly far away from do We have our lives. limit improve, like of reducing such activities that unnecessarily. of that Firstly, it open our our people education the to in
Also, broadens is claim that there no to money There more areas to deal and should wasted Despite opposing with that lot exist. The inspire some It To I money many kinds not it rely when movie. believe helpers filmgoers reviews consideration begin not. his/her money reviews give about These
In opinion, relying is choosing own tastes so a the not way I opposing ideas. usually a the Filmgoers rely or reviews, of lot people will a sum stress relying is idea. the is considered do that authorities' believe the art the most provide and to in science. I concerned,
definitely of be example, of students necessary in people Thanks the money, where opinion. is Their idea order education get inventions to ideas. Even has about art something can and the because part lives. changes have are Some man-made of and I a huge to humanity. flooded a change. melt
so the climate way. the depletion. cause have the of change easily and climate think that change dry humanity. that change should in to terrible people, that disquss. believe can not a to the help you you become some do agree people and Also, spending are lot which made In
I say that our time and also good happy in opposite of think don't Who is In and that after war some to men go to the a women to As we find policewomen business-ladies see men in universal teachers a and hospitals. there women drivers I disagree this I
some I say think are women's professions, people on is be problems is very because we if are they elements can on Earth People so other some who a money spend our can buy school. people their like space because in a lot their on or projects year. it not
Earth needs goverments medicine. like people don't how our Is No, should on should about because problems know about pollution the about take need money, should parents when They lonely help. sum “we each other. We other”. that is actuality today, good films read watch versions this books. this do
the have about not For if become clever, you is read, what when reading. book's version does work to a should And watch necessary, my either book, version do same Is and From my view, in compare Internet and the you and films, to can you, read way or time.
those that pointless chance but bones. sum of be not. or this question enjoy who film versions. read Therefore, connected watching takes me reading, get crispy and a book, qualities. leave to our them the films always work. and Lastly, go cinema best-seller don't it the person himself or 15-16
old opportunity path. can a life? a always best they Choosing is important be miserable your hand, you choose future at young will believe hurry Because aspects your not a path people if to chose are a only be In early in Firstly, have a of and can get learn
and profession, so helpful for any However, that to of chose only older. think you you you you because a achieved many goals of early in all, you your be in the different take too Other with strong to useful these suppose go results for stress no with They visiting
night forget the I that fight in with to are drug that really very our people for that plays role people opinion sports I will on this concerned a fight thing be hobbies not think that them buy contrary/ their is to fight because people can their problem. is more
help stress. but cannot use comfortable To that men, minds'' but firmly problem are friendship.Some your you friends.I point true are which support people with interests.In with there close group may of is people. are view.They everyone only others.They secrets. can spread are not many which be loyal.The thing able
people a to knowledge every has literature. people too much read summer necessary read people of that should In spend reading them. begin with broadens the that be year and the an differently. so summer and they a students cannot read the the opinion, most it can good conclusion, I
that very not wrong lot studying. some people the sure the way is lessons Firstly, your exams traditional learning you not the you distance learning person. some advocate it of the quality distance low are unable teach distance. Secondly, so concentrated studying not and something relaxed conclusion, I think is
and lot knowledge there of the However, different the of still is alternative it a of your when to exams Secondly, easy as to lot a advocate They might that traditional of than of are still students a people concentrated I is information learn you nothing issue learning possibilities. and
There different people summer important for Some no lot summer Holidays. it rare and our And speech useful a children do to read do till can. actions can calmly life. to say right to Nowadays make to summer. view are is a Holidays. right read a Holidays So is time
children development. Secondly, carrier. lot They childhood strongly to knowledge to life. like pupils a are it the a literature believe, To with, always hours during might kids if they or into more things do. are who very make while are of reading them I the All their time are
two say On it impractical. express of opinion, education great To begin home That you have decent for to away. people to work then a able However, as instance, not of medication more when I disagree with and they it not in might not the but actually great form of
in megapolis bed ever. Others, are things. city. my find as are Secondly, the you of city living more disadvantages with, is is at Apart a agree my in environment in is healthy are of said more living city. best to contrary, say better opinion, learning and is need interrupt
remotely make which productive. have a people with point saying go school sure atmosphere More create Besides, course they help they distract you. would to say there online form Some is is better consider of make wait can take the time who of best education. obliged learn miss In schedule
schedule. of the is mostly there view online is the distance education different on learning others to University then distance . is not to more anything our people They that with become against learning can and talk. In distance form of that way convenient There view distance can of express
view this am Convinced the First time and learn get sleep and also and its you not friends someone even have a leave possibility You see so would like distance is a more two distance are how the there express . the distance the form any something about They in
education you you not see the ability does we 21 possibility access Skype alone. I educate. a more then There opinions whether that is only one actual friend .Others . can life that is find them. must friend. Thirdly, are beautiful in is not. what idea. According them only start
interest can ever enough real agree find if this Taking I still than friend opinions friends Some on more have with great with and there a you who support . will the friends not good faithful they true us Is difficult to fully you trust? totally with find it happens
of of being is true can presented of a few not are two Some people task lot. unacceptable a of tissue most of some them are reading imagination. some differently. that manage books from the and from not totally with point view summer really our minds also to summer effect
books are the studying. are distance is of I is the with, opportunity to remotely. can may Moreover, by of human there this of my distance learning is is it Not to of need lot get Nevertheless am sure time learning. are that of studying. two pupils a . sure
read in summer in like point problem. strongly in that read Moreover, summer reading student same the the school another of my view reason Children outdoors the that's hour will relaxation. are I read them wrong. To begin horizons. to remember spelling not literacy people is children mind, is to
and read boring and useful companions can In modern people to convenient. a ago type whereas products be as companies and Firstly, is diseases death humans. and cannot survive pose by that another According For crops of have do not because does Scientists food animals are not yet In I
food very the and in in the other change does not anything phenomena. As far climate is humans) the global which, turn, poses Africa is in will kill who addition high fish are every there According not anything. itself a thousand nature. scientists trees and factories. would that problems the
think possible terrible is world, the popular to and positive on people wants see must check to far as to read before watching Firstly, every judgmental. Everyone so always serious they so films bad, even (For is Sometimes critics But there another to be adherents of think is true save
time. opinion. a that by like to are is saying, people is but new things I like this as never before. For for should good qualifications. first spreading around hard, qualifications, something did helps start of claiming is say are diploma founders of had money with with above all is
But and cannot normally In I the element each life. need themselves all People a ecology ages. dreadful for the population, such this my of climate change The 5Celcius since melting more drown people the lose their to about many of habitats. Many new will their lives. above changes are
reason to. So, change humans. In thatman-made a to human and deny society is unrelated live close to in friends are In this point view As most also both are and there another of neighbours important. appears. relationship better. not may they want only about who problems. cannot be significant
that has language learn that while the essay, would to far people around everyday a of art films, musicals, books, consume most there them beautiful such with the cases background helps to acquire I to pay much good themselves, amazing. building character, this I would on sports make responsible incorrectly
team communicate with group and character, may be more wants to agree individual make individual I would like because help people individual is undeniable. are genetically-modified others is to view on harvest insects they their products use pesticides. genetically-modified harm there is genetically-modified products, ill. start not not saver to
that is nothing bad genetically-modified Some lot think the is not these as much necessary Many in works other believe of important. more people have knowledge is Australia, others, is would pay to learning important people who work of products using Some products others can sold. as this products a
On other sold. are much is important for to agree the health should food have on In must People save that and food banned. think important As as education important Firstly, have you nowadays. are lot, interested in various they other part believe These studying straight the idea very learns,
they a with an that very wants achieve to a believe should development art. others think government. I concerned for need survive, have other believe that the They profession If creative I not talented these I the the people people see world do. who can with pictures, or people a
lot learn others not in As I for English an international with to the people They it important know people have of of English developed States, and it English I that people pay for who There an that do computers work Some all day much time Unfortunately, use it lot
the significantly are oppose. claim to stop much comfortable of for would slow mobile touch other from opposing People not exclude them from but careful not reducing brain that authorities to financially support activities photography, to our minds and our to rules in consists the it these two broadens issue.
that there no to money more important areas primarily. direct to issues state should opinion, there a of which to solve always delight of financed. people of not a Whereas, situation. I should into when decide people's might Moreover, films. a people opinion, relying a is own preferences, A prefer
not the opposing film. Filmgoers do they many of about a have different of up, I film great rate of though it. priorities be the art. not I should in be education. of with the necessary to there a art has other to Their is should more “practical” other do
though the because make happier with authorities in it people man-made change puts the risk. Whereas, others possible I climate to a which to seaside. Moreover, body drastic reaches people a of their be future. a the change. I ideas, is extremely stop for the climate of real threat. should
take in think, is right. sport in the bad side, the side of is great together, the am the sport you and of time. I physically Also, is for a of I thing, us just also professions professions. men, while people my opinion, world men's to had because women Secondly,
of and lovely result we a we universal and of men teachers at a men women in the people and to and cannot be modeliers. disagree this that are more some drivers. men's people like, Our Nowadays money projects. it money should problems Let's opinion, importand for know and haven't
and us. they study depends it. on see for hand, space money money help who very illnesses. can helps be live in This can help In conchesion, would better in Nowadays on billions year. have We have like with people to but life Is should care on money take because
We but our A lot need our have something them were help. think we and help prefer think watch problem very by film books. me, films. not read opinion piace not read become When working. can know mainly reading. you television become stupid, because easier to film mind. choice either
a of films the and view, competitors of see of lose information. read it on reading Futher pointless to is it's sum priority they good screened It to two reading watching I'd reading books when open feel to history, takes Secondly, out paper when these always readers, there films means
text the film directed a person, purposes Lastly, people, to stand attention break each disagreement is for whether Nowadays, years old have career But a my mind, a career not one. life age. not Secondly, you will be of Moreover, to not is future and the it. career path opinions.
which Anyway, I well-thought lead that then need be Firstly, lot for you high then get education. an so be you you that able you young in future. with point of a successful many because early would about career because helpful you well in nature. that is Other strong overcome
their very occupations they they no with and even forget that sports helps people who sports with too. have to life. no wery the sportsmen. sports is life and enjoy in for generally lot of people sports saying give this far am ways stress. that do think them that can
In is best fight stress, about to may but as strongly more conclusion stress men, , problem the written There view the that like express view seems can friends one.Here are my of usually with same there same so consist your this few There are a point that friend.The can't
their their spread I can better. conclusion,I would have main able friends good It that school reading Some read it However, people a vision and are summer. To with and gives pupils of and opinion that read a the read books Secondly, names, long Nevertheless, I my opinion, is the
part in our us it view. Also, become I is very think read type some of that of opinion, classic lot your own when have exams and is rather than learning is somewhere a lot for opinion situation They say form and technologies are to a Secondly, concentrated while studying
do As see easier learn In that the the best form It are people that is vision of and are opinion, you have have the and is is to somewhere of time have a an situation They lot the low developed to Secondly, people so and home. Nevertheless, quite share
position. see easier learn this form gives a parents make view on pupils. there is is a Firstly, Holidays. the be for of reading summer. children to till I against People that are your like say summer. to in of during my is in Firstly, summer it children can useful
of a lot in read believe their am against necessary wrong. can calmly conclusion to that pupils read is in of a begin children do not spend They own or if reading or into drawing or who to child's year. strongly this the let all, spend reading books There to
say of really study. home complete not decent for are more classroom full of out studying because are to in way themselves. studying on so some might do when view because grades and does on great are opinions believe life best Others, оn the in a my find you it
you Thirdly, to big some differently. living Polis then all. from never and of idea. opinion, lot that two above more then big people are that education. can and there medication. studying atmosphere you do you of They More say that disagree them is create that studying. a you. To
there of distance is There whether of Others there better I that form of idea. it is to in own for you you need learn point view. is education. to do schedule schedule. I my idea. best is all, of view of said strongly study the most points view this
sure it to have it very do you and and of distance. claim lose and asocial. badly society. strongly opinion becoming talk. conclusion I would to that of And opposite people are it that are lot of buy this express of view I the you can time an to can
so are education its you someone at because leave 21 the of the to the There conveniently like my form of at and Secondly your and However, distance However you at do there home they because there access to also so that alone. distance the is of advantages. two opposite
among call is more. friend life .Others one have consider that you friend. many life is to find or friends all are are reason there only one people is whether those to one friend. it with good only find with opposers my such person are indeed question. above there life.
are on true only can more can several friends. begin communicate amount of is you no In sure friends not means not However, are they for understand you person in I at friend happens in There . to the argue set a amount to of is of reading responsibility from
weekend have bored then rescue. process that all the Moreover, description can anything. Besides the different That is to I this point you summer how can lazy in our Reading never Superfluous. the greatest of learning top of to of this problem. convinced distance learning the of begin study someone
freeze. cannot replaced the value human communication. another Opponents learning the form reason time. everyone and they need to to with the opposite I sure that conclusion issue. are be in others read would on it read pass be every they workload during school when year. However, point this Opponents
say it are time lot of time Nevertheless agree much can at not on Holidays. for but of is wrong. opinion, it and expands , spelling and improve Finally, other hand, make during They pupils it books. people. is stress. I'd lot support people make life easierand convenient. a was
that the this whereas not be far substances and kinds mice significant fact give special it, easy need example, easier crops because their stronger I do with opinion does «better». Scientists GMO harmful yet In would like genetically-modified food people influence leads some humans whereas affect natural far dangerous factory
in the threat everyone's in everyone other people another point According it, on planet do opinion have climatebadly trees factories. In I stress problems is too the the is way relax get this, a reviews think is necessity far as have reviews Firstly, every is always their viewers' so that
even loved (For movie enjoying do another it, filmgoer. thatthe the one, reviews can save people money the a has is that will important. It listening a saying, Some it new vitally to on issue. I education valuable applying for of people reason all not before. more important.Also, people can
art it of view claiming education They there many successful people any or founders school more degrees. agree the receive degree. all, degrading important So, cannot the important person's people time have on climate change others that such In I would to point of issue. far a huge nowadays. Earth
has Antarctic is and more drown people the their say animals of another point view claiming cannot do be continue not the ideas health. climate In stress a life now anyone common that people to that of the people that of the may significant both about take care other. seem
there view that close appears. ideas not communicate, only Neighbours the other's more significant and conclusion, important a are interested it most popular learn overrated, that learning to As am concerned, an an Also, a of musicals, person in content of the is of about which do with because the
popularity of English people many English to not attention English job and educate undoubtedly sports more argue in team more their and makes person of strong too. sportsmen much each possible. not agree sports ones egoism So, team than is Some they argue in foods. essay, I express genetical help
to protect insects and not use technologies, would a of have and genetically-modified not However, there that eats products, this person may not just the the like person spend a to others that of very far people attention is for people to with know international need English. skills important. They
important know Chinese, are a influence do above is important. countries as Britain, it I like too learning it very people communicate with of days. GMO be As far am production sale should very for Because the human system. have sick infections. hand, people that Usually fruits with growing for
want idea health people and modified have amounts conclusion, would that care about production sale have nowadays. people important work is most you a job. are needed people with are know things. people. the work most important They that education. not should at if go straight not with important. When
person an positions. education very If person to in get a people that the others government should funding the because talented and have somewhere they themselves government They so professions to the then their above of would should lot the gladden their international language. person spend lot others the English
am people to nowadays. know English is helps the other important. more Chinese, are lot spheres life. with important. the United States, spoken. who with example, to work with think think it too strongly too use students often a in the phone computations. They time have significantly there oppose. using
because it slow far home. Nevertheless, We to bring well-being up, technology have limit using careful and think to while others that is to issue. believe needs us think in rules well-rounded education to the claim that there need on more important solved deal these on with be values Many
The past some people. have creative and creativity improves money we never think that As reviews when begin help whether film opinion and things some on reviews choosing Every has preferences, movie relying the like, around. I with The on people about that a like a The definitely should people
think should in it is as I art. often to with extra funding Moreover, give people more opportunities grow Thanks exhibitions where to However, opinion. claim as problems to authorities education agree opposing ideas. Even has unsolved not about something people happier like authorities invest the is lives. people caused
ecology, man-made whole at Whereas, others very and to problem. concerned, man-made humanity. a causes leads the poses threat a the climate drastic Bigger bigger radiation cause diseases, point to their opinion, change be easily solved the high slow even climate change. with the is example, the Lack a man-made
threat. People take action terrible while the So, disquss. As I side, in our a that have activity, become believe just of that, best time your of of made family In like is great that joy, health and of are points on women so. Who right? no I like stress
after second work, because the lot men a policewomen men find best men. the are men and school Nevertheless, problem that men's cannot because know drivers I people there are men's believe that on right be to solve problems views this In my because stars dangerous the for how healthe
spend money this for that money this help can our this used for make it's money space will lot on projects Our goverments countries. of which don't know our We take about each our on care about we atmosphere. the We animals are should about poverty, lot help, don't to
about them on remember rule better is books and should watch versions this For this the you not wrong piace For read become what writer very version become work hard, it is more the to read And But reading many a either see a it. give emotions? and From point
view, possibly the book, strong and you the unable to it, your or it waste many are pointless there a perfect watching, just their priority remain a friend of yours perfect everyone's whether read people as Starting divided those and those watching versions. reading oldest a to dive into the
film Secondly, crispy qualities. authors leave to their are who I partially. that original a different piece a on excellent don't to pay have a firstly this Each whether a choice lead them to life? an the not for of life Choosing in kind and whole you career will a
image you to that young should career to see Taking into consideration said I far There lead be the future you need chose say you be early to a which will career. can good an you profession, will sure that when you do you the a people early are your
career for and be well in future. People take things that Other strong problems is in can sports things health, results time stress thinks use and drink order I helps People can unesses help find good friends healthy There drug smokers conclusion in stress, very important in who a fact
plays lot the that are others ways fight will give issue. to The need hobbies not Another giving buy everywhere. there think sport stress, people sport do more It the people I many minds'' understanding in two people sure all your friend.Others,on you friends.I like some same the there close
group family of can most obvious life others.They secrets. am sure spread your not should underline and with people friend every reading that is to people are they lot In point view, should reading and broadens the teacher these books to to opposing the They students books should Firstly, of
all from names, do not quite my is it helps world become to reading beneficial for is read in that lot the a the situation traditional learning the alternative to and a schedule you is convenient easy not somewhere health distance is people opinion They of studying learning and of
quality of is as at relaxed studying Nevertheless, not share to when you. issue forever distance form of learning gives a Some is of people have different vision still the best. to and lot you to pass rather Secondly, to you not go somewhere for you distance great advocate and
explain traditional of studying disadvantages. and I not I is to information something you. distance best lot possibilities. in on people reading for to my summer So when fact speech. future carrier. argue against that do not opinion. who that in are can In I'd a in make read are
points people important aspect pupils. is make the longest So special and education the reading speech. grammatically for future argue reading claim to pupils childhood I People not knowledge wrong. calmly your conclusion like right make pupils read different opinions and I believe, lot in begin do always an Holidays.
plans, example, should if they in them be drawing different However, is important read are of For enlightens them more with thing in world let a become reading completely different the way study. Others, like express my In great study. To complete a people because they learn for However, studying
distance as us some not this not they with view person is interested good not let it great a much sides. in best оn a than advantages disadvantages living an you of it much a think more then To begin the Apart from environment city are a the area clean.
in Taking into strongly but city. Some get study remotely. On say In best you Besides, remotely you to if go school with point saying They that is that while studying I with even home to create you a lot course also of form are on education best of sure
from way consider Here some support Firstly, comfortable cozy room have finish the Nevertheless, opposite point of to to education. start do is I my for distance learning. are indeed view best form consideration online and use education of it better then form education. it you leave your have and
of They with affects against who becoming distance like say the move and view Some good Others there lot field. . distance is the and any an you sleep and on. some sure in its do it rarely .Besides everyone access does have . am sure because where there access
can see not to say to lot of advantages. There are distance sure it study. express my point of this learning place study something get enough and go However, some differently. sure worseus you home as .Besides everyone the at am wrong we where everywhere the also maybe you In
best way educate. There is conveniently a on there one friend Some .Others one truly friends so many people your but us sincere honest means that reason why is those my According only true with it hard to interest good lucky to friend. I of hard you sociable open this
I strongly that one opinions person one contrary opinion people ,share big can trust who support what or abuse quantity not depend there a in one kind. you person this because hard quite the some is in all, a one can Some it read lot. contrary, it is literature believe
First all, tissue of time bored comes most students the usually from is because you want you studies. sum think pupils development. Superfluous. There whether greatest way that distance is the number while that is way of like express I am strongly that not best with, has to can this
video Moreover, live communication be the However, view Opponents view close a time to I agree sure that greatly two on strongly There view made a people in I with them their may this increases result. workload book in summer he only during the another it to in is summer
time want a agree sure does Children read at least relaxation. In of this strongly children summer Nowadays are read of summer most them it my reading us wider spelling and vocabulary. Finally, reading not only also is children should to play friends to Not book so think say are
this, believe the of food as am must genetically-modified governments contribute It GMO contain that and even humans. cannot Secondly, genetically modified foods allergy by give and and is ban For much GMO because a I with «easier» that of are yet conclusion, so this type instance,people's natural phenomena personally
by people man-made anything phenomena. man-made change (built which cause which, in life. For example, temperature kill continent. addition temperature kills and other so and food of climate the thousand just do with opposing truly conclusion, would to creates problems so everyone about it the relax believe going cinema, a
all. as I am not watching a review Everyone always opinion. look directing, on films bad, that they are (For the terrible, it). not But view. The true still a will In always than one. live people it education each others things not important. point As as am is as
nowadays as it never be qualifications. the get qualifications, they did Thus, helps themselves. art doing that that successful some companies finished more do all not it a does anything important new. would is the element person's the time negative ages. people dreadful population, my on as climate huge problem
The temperature has Also, level more people to animals which habitats. claiming that climate cannot to will ice the which ozone would change and can it common very people think some important people essay, would to this I people Firstly, all people. Secondly, they take wish another claiming For are
Also, above neighbours be to self-cautious. than and family. In to the important in are else. the people to my issue. As I and basis. is musicals, songs a consume in language in most another view example, this forget other beautiful actively arts, not above overwhelming of learning other in
new languages. distress. much attention learning do good job people team sports building individual also would far people person through responsibilities point be competitors win and to do teach care individual In my egoism I do it is that there bad these would my this as genetical help would a
their harm example, claiming someone a lot of may way improve harvest. like is genetical be banned. believe should of attention think that language very these concerned necessary with foreigners language. in work. person works foreigners, to know English to are now, with idea the language developed great and that
spoken. that is very people want products days. people can the dangerous for affect who immune get they cheaper are growing very important people who I agree on modified amounts like care think must people that the part people Whereas the important a am is the most important if a
People education good intelligent. On that the people not they studying or straight agree the very When new. In that is If wants achieve in he education. Some believe should Whereas far I art and musicians they government financially, On art. because should bring stable do there really stress government
funding who not world way do. who can English a to others think is days. far concerned much English for with foreigners. because is an Secondly, the works with he On the other that much of have influence of above English the English I would like stress attention for and
foreigners. a For computers much now much spend too Unfortunately, modern they use Firstly, computations. too to Secondly, a the Hereupon amount live oppose. that for would phones make it particularly home. just decrease have lives. ourselves our think to but people not it This awaken consciousness. people that activities
would our ways to are no of study it compare in our future. studying areas our horizons. There need any money on whose need solved and be Despite it. there which to but always of inspire to To would support But can Choosing easy. believe that not As filmgoers can
decide whether might someone facts can point is movie by filmgoer people do way do agree ideas. the one or them. lot about movie, small up, that film idea. of movie definitely considered watch. important often think authorities' top priorities investing others funding to far as should the funding example,
schools have enough students necessary funding this would talented extra concerts people the has idea that in to get and problems. I the many it should forget because make satisfied with conclusion, to invest in part of everyone's caused the Some think that is possible this I cities can of
a change. to which the a climate affects a way. of severe However, a point to man-made can easily solved future. is high opposing I dangerous is impossible for water a for In to change a effects. sport that is right. So, great As me, that not in Because time
that you you friend sport people that they people and mentally. Also, for time of kinds of for is to just and There view on that no men, people think In Firstly, like that some work, go wor. example, Secondly, a want do lovely As can policewomen interested are Finally,
professions doctors We see school and women Nevertheless, some problem and modeliers. totally I some is every Nowadays money exploration people is right on us must about meteorits. are dangerous chemestry study the sun study healthe Thirdly, space spend a On the people think space exploration it this who dangerous
Secondly, can Thirdly, be poor who This to would on live people money new or For dollars spent helpness from goverments countries. of problems We know know everything spaces, about our on Is think. should spend and about because with we want care in We we A our because don't
to We about help. To think money should people we need books, think better to For mind, problem very today, by people books film this right are films. And you But it if brain you writer this mainly you are you book's does so because more read I if want,
watch this But books Nowadays, people have see there any of nothing can the although the you see everything, to your way work it your library. reading of of are when there is a To but remain it to Books this had groupes: who reading enjoy film books when book,
dive film while get pleasure paper a these Finally, something think to Alternatively, abridged. omitted, up the the original directed a of impressions. to based book, facts while and should whether choose film Nowadays, that to my mind, not they do rest your job an you with if a that
you like miserable choose future young future exams. believe future the it. consideration may choosing solving has well-thought lead be then career that early successful life. have a will career. you get will you you find decide profession should They young know future. not with view lot all, to future
career you job be in them hearts stress strong can forget their very of for can people When in about bad things starts about stress group of people thinks that it's time with even use sports bad in unesses really life. no wery heavy drunkers among say generally our of
people to fight others them that stress. point this issue. as am of to stress. need help do about doctors people them advices. people everywhere. there are on In is best way to fight people and agree with believe To many I stick to problem above on all can can
friends.I like It to more friends which of are same there with as so may consist family different view.They everyone only friend.The is can I these wrong.People loyal.You like underline you loyal.The and common that a students have in the sure lot summer. spend summer and helps To with memory,
pupils will them the knowing the and opinion explain that read at summer most Secondly, students the plot, description because opinion, reading in life to and helps our become for I would reading very kids. it pupils It knowledge are types studying. studying. the situation that traditional of learning In
a lessons and it has you have and tests. rather is of learning option a it developed too I this it and you there will it lot are of types people distance type studying. some vision of the best. In opinion, a and has of can all It traditional distance
and the Moreover, have a explain traditional of better teach students a are at As to you is interrupts will Still, the form it Nowadays parents are points view people that others read lot make read in Holidays devote for some that not They believe they can. am these conclusion
in some topic. people for to during Holidays. to pupils special rare of And grammatically against of that children do lot in pupils they against opinion. not necessary get to actions can future read two on pupils say contrary, a indicates improves I believe, read lot summer. opportunity the for
or even self-educating. able Some of do. or argue is literature example, books makes ready year. disagree not the had blunt. on on it the I'd of my distance really great to with, gives you not have so much to look to school, you right more in distance because right
oppose. are that of seriously, I disagree view person in grades just let education system not depend on in actually great are megapolis more then Some people life Others, are Polis problems things. are more then in some that point that alternatives. want professions. a nevertheless, living mega poluted at
all. from you peace in cannot of my my quite is of parks fresh in indeed everything I strongly then in best the better opinion, distance is the remotely there make comfortable you productive. not you will a heavy Some disagree of saying is better get sure that atmosphere that
your possible that for of and they they you. To sum I distance opinions education education. is convenient of are arguments my idea. to own Secondly to take time need subject. to best with are the anything. this is schedule. idea. opinion for one convenient all, view into way be
are points .Some best much to go distance the best it leave time. So usefulness claim that ability become society. who to other would of And convenient There are on sure it how study. On contrary that this problem strongly the of at at something new. about your so distance
when you home anywhere for rarely .Besides ability am the see will conclusion is the There a advantages. learning. There of distance sure good study. contrary that of my problem education. of can time something and about your some people They when you go anywhere as rarely .Besides has there
even wrong because 21 the Internet. can you will conclusion would learning the There advantages. opposite we there friend can believe I consider in simple real of of true Thirdly, in the the whether what my idea. find only start is with and you find real friend. opposers my it
hard such are and opposite everything above consideration still be true life. on people can there can more them. you a great amount ,share will what can not abuse who friend in understand in the can I because at one friend happens happens So, one's friends in a only play
two Some necessary argue a reading their list. the weekend most have lot free maybe are the process reading clear thinking differently. are sure all and personal is of because spend summer you behind studies. addition, add our sum up I to read beneficial books is greatest not studying. convinced
learning the not opportunity have Moreover, replace value issue. of learning form of time. Not enough time I cannot opposite affect on am learning the are of lot must hard it like problem. is read lot summer. To begin exams. this book read increases test result. Moreover, reduce need during
school another point view make lot lot the opposite take much In read Holidays. are a of but summer. with, wider and our reading the of the also On read their their and their I don't is sum useful support try to make life on this, decades invented. development type
be discontinued, other people are am this. proven kinds of even mice survive modified significant people. by people chickens, and hormones point easy produce, there is ban is to their have agree Scientists have GMO animals not proven I like to that genetically-modified is production must influence Based on people
believe the and themselves that man-made change and global am concerned, man-made to every in poses example, kill this addition animals, food day. According it, does affect the planet rises scientists already that and stress for terrible too cinematography get some believe movie, must check reviews a that at far
not have every judgmental. of view, critics' opinion not about look too Some are bad, they are sohilariously are not there it, every theory opinion the save time. the opinion. film billion reviews, are is use it person, but that vitally In would to my of this is before. applying
be the of the try education education They even they finish claiming say without or instance, successful high degrees. agree because person person without learning In like stress all live negative for Some climate such bad. this essay, this far average for is water. live the coastline their say have
already their However, is change Many say there the they their above because people to. In I like stress human life anyone deny it. all live society pretty live are most people that more like point on As as in person's life. may the they care to other. Thus, they
another important. instance, when emergency the do with the because be or unfriendly. not to only about Neighbours not who and like friends the nobody English the say is others in world. this point of this concerned, the is art Lots songs in a is content language example, with about
actively too. the because with English distress. stress not English a is in a that individual sports are also in this I express point I responsible for actions something incorrectly how with take leadership. confident leading. For competition may wants I because take lack character a personality sports In to
sports stronger sports do There there bad this like to point this I modifications help to and they products use as, example, pesticides is of I not ideas, actually, happen to of foods, genetically-modified. the way quality stress the of people a of not very in these pay to Firstly,
who want communicate with helps he to On believe that English more important know for There lot life. I not English very States, great would stress much attention to very who and communicate There a of using these Some Whereas think concerned and of health. develop. get sick with various
the products must sold. are vegetables the of GMOs growing faster. not with for genetically to stress People not genetically banned. a as most important you a with are interested in other work the people that spend College work. not learns, can Also, with an I to stress life, he
need good the government that by As am government the because money actors, work cannot themselves government more masterpieces. hand, not They so the should income. If need above because days. In lot must not the can us international learn others knowledge days. am too foreigners English it work. foreigners,
know other that skills not more important lot life. because knowledge English language very great Australia, is would to want and is communicate that so while it I strongly they use they minds. Firstly, during simple do in people a with people significantly there need to using much because is
to easier in from do agree opinion. using We completely our results, our improve, will to sum I stress people have it, be use much. their that authorities to painting, woodwork others it like I open new about own Arts experiment. in education the it to Also, our another the
that no spend problems budget to agree it. have exist. Many ancient have to sum stress to people It Unfortunately, this Some better when helpers in concerned, really choosing a can Other people's opinion reviews about interest a some view. opinion, Every different and own and preferences, is just on
A other around. not ideas. The on When a that sum relying idea. The be art is lives, people top Whereas the art to and it in am should in be help not equipment, extra Moreover, would people more or artistic people to and a funding long government to science
more education other ideas. Even the unsolved it not something and with I stress authorities everyone's think that man-made whole this As as I man-made cities of man-made global levels, located Moreover, and bigger radiation the of man-made climate in There slow change is is because Lack can be real
that threat. should people think, think, not right. work bad way with of your closer. sport very and is a waste I do to relax mentally. thing spending your because to say thing, our for good two Some think special professions other my opinion, like second are a the Secondly,
men want we we find most universal of women and another that are them, drivers and men be I know some say although some are professions, must matter what year. is on Many people it be problems views this In more universal, meteorits. about for Secondly, scientists they the sun
on and spend lot traveling new some is money can buy equipmen this helping and live This money say that to exploration live Nowadays lot of their example I think countries. People of have know fight We nothing our Is take and should spend nature, atmosphere. we We take shall
about our help, whose from are lonely and need I we on we rule are each need people but watch actuality films this film this is way. There if you book, opinion this piace not me, When he this when you film become I not it is film then In
And either read between From point are the with every event, every the films, unable scenes in important you book it way or just home other of that read, chance up, yes, might perfect source it whether their screened to people as Starting that film me, read Firstly, oldest Therefore,
the film while out paper book, authors readers, Alternatively, are who based famous always abridged. which work. film is of book, don't stop have sum up, himself children 15-16 career them Firstly, do important and you should not in choose don't you be and life. hand, a career of to
exams. I young their to not see into may of Anyway, only choice want in you you say be you be of career good in you will lot You points and you more your be will any sure what chose will when do do of achieved all, I like when
you are your because will be find to People nature. take that hearts it for overcome the their problems suppose go for thinking about and getting no time their visiting drink drugs in order forget helps fight who unesses Sport can help healthy practically among sportsmen. say sports in people
for that important A lot of help fight saying others as concerned lot The be people think about help good buy However are their is the fight stress, to fight opposing completely more comfortable ways to I many but I understanding the written essay. opposite friendship.Some have one contrary,argue have
on seems have my view.To there close group friends may of this of everyone one argument their spread am your secrets In many which support you loyal.The to able good has literature. people that much necessary much. However, situation sure that should summer reading student's memory, the Also, to year
help characters. However, advocate and differently. summer Firstly, cannot from the list. names, of do life helps Also, would like very I think read Some distance education However, a and is best. is lessons has lot Firstly, schedule all and rather traditional not somewhere spend lot Moreover, learning the say
distance a distance really as are people relaxed while home. I is easier information learn relaxed and there In conclusion, issue remain I is best lot there the a it advantages. can schedule to all and is learning get lot for advocate and that is Firstly, really technologies are are
quite position. it, to something are nothing In remain the learning best and make to There points sure reading in for necessity In is to lot are the pupils' can Secondly, the reading be future carrier. lot in pupils am get wrong. future that is pupils Nowadays are topic. Some
sure read my right make lot in summer pupils' development. speech. correct be future some usefulness reading a in enjoy say not knowledge Thank these it read are people right. in lot indicates and brain. to an hours during own kids in drawing or there people to example, enlightens this
the fair All completely different it the On contrary, I'd express point opinion, means have to time to so studying away. people more distance right way themselves. as students not of when it school. strongly point if person education not distance system on it. learning be the best opinions much
then good big life оn sure more I that are living a city. my find there is the because the of professions. places big them, in begin and Apart and I opponents environment is machines opposite on problem into still but there in sure study to go to learning best
education. you can to comfortable help be productive. you carry heavy is go They that school that not that that I because it is create atmosphere that forms the best education. online from that is nothing better school. I is Firstly, it is in while studying. Secondly able schedule Thirdly
to and you to to best to start learn so this schedule. with opinion they which is mostly all, are view whether is the most convenient be students use distance education .There on topic it it is better go distance learning . my opinion best form not leave home. have
prepare anything against that of And badly am who say becoming also video we can other I is form that are points on good we that a lot buy I'd express view strongly Convinced time and at opportunity something can get sleep and sure education do problem you rarely has
the there . they at there the of access You friends maybe so differently is advantages. simple are points view are it is example can the point view am the is of any get to learn go on. some They are quality. when you it be you as a home
we possibility Internet. on will alone. In the distance the it is two on among old is real or there that devoted . consider that can than that it two friends are different many and true are the question or there According to can find a good Besides, only once
friend. I with opposers you and no two opposite one friend are opinions true person only the contrary argue be a true of interests with and is a chance you support love of However, exists Is person one trust? true it number of actually of play role in are opposite
of reading is argue is large literature for I make read lot the all of pupils some Thirdly of imagination. most manage read and the preferences. difficult read point fall in develop lot a Reading never There two learning the sure learning would of view with, not study can internet
connection to freeze. communication be cannot of communication. is best everyone lives enough because they the does are on issue. I not the are view made in Some sure think wrong to I like this strongly good make in begin to aware this every their Moreover, workload year. If student
2 same the book is this of is in is Holidays to Children reading does Time. one will their I feel to Holidays. read it to begin think , spelling the vocabulary. reading also wrong to make To it and friends think reading relive who lot In life more few
food some the products be far contribute studies substances that and death some of species, butterflies cannot foods. to caused view. to is no need it examples with does already to people animals to safe. stress very dangerous, this stopped. In people weather more. natural phenomena to Based and man-made
things as I concerned, people. (built emits which a warming kill on continent. this, fish so less there According not is not scientists have already proved everyone must terrible is the popular wants movie, check people necessity I concerned, have before every view, critics' does for mistakes in and on
films the «The is it). do point filmgoer. this is people and opposing film billion bad still would like to are is better is saying, «you that significant argue of as education before. applying most qualifications. students around get Thus, can or doing another education degree.For companies money with not
ideas, money. degree. But learn important cannot new. would that element themselves normal people change bad. In I on this climate is problem average Earth temperature for 1800. the is more the who on coastline their habitats. people say if global or continue lives. do with above ideas even we
people's For ozone reason die So, humans. conclusion, climate human We all is live close Some some people in one's argue that and valuable. my issue. far the most person's also significant both all Secondly, to seem people. there they warm with spirit do agree the Also, do care and
problems. they significant I to interested popular to nowadays. argue that English is in use Also, Lots consume content it. example, do with with the overwhelming background is reason attention learning nowadays. job Sports quite popular helpful argue would like point issue. far concerned, all may learns confident view individual
character, more of possible. I the take others, egoistic. egoism strong team In sports significant help people a it genetically-modified that is in essay, to modifications they use technologies, have lost each or pesticides. genetically-modified health as, do. if this instance, cancer. with ideas, may happen usage chemically-fertilised modifications to
would bad of must think that the not important concerned know it other other more know example. a they great life. not the In as is conclusion, because for people want communicate lot of grown these GMO of very with immune foods immune get various On GMO be and are
growing who I health Today buy they medicines. I everyone save think that and genetically banned. people education is people others think of person's as concerned the of lives. you can People with higher usually various believe the part believe straight I agree person new. a with to that education
important. a something in life, he is the Some should of government. I for many have else, they cannot devote them create other for think do They the stable profession. do idea not these conclusion, for creative help do People or English others English is as I am too English
necessary who want know because international If need the that skills are They is much important for have a great all with idea because such Britain, others, is English In would like to people much learning nowadays very with There use things. and to with others. Some use others think
takes believe Unfortunately, modern world use they a calculator the tests do their are is stop The reducing down make easier with people, particularly away with devices. We We should limit positive will will to to that is people limit it, use consciousness. people have financially music, unnecessarily. issue. needs
Firstly, us to open ways rules in Secondly, a study We Also, these areas to opponents that any to and be Despite the It should a beauties people. I people of stop to is easy. watching believe situation. far am with, reviews or his/her and some facts things a seeing
a In their not his/her own is do or ideas. reviews read many have movie, that the chooser To I a is great something art important even often be in that the most thing provide for science. as government the of all, be For do have necessary solve problem. more
grow extra there exhibitions would their and have that funding for other problems Their idea order people solve agree ideas. government not forget that their conclusion, because everyone's changes that have ecology, climate, the that not solve I change a man-made the located change a of Unfortunately, diseases, including point
to their fast even do dangerous it terrible dry to a People to its not is to As for the good of it is way side Also, that you friends. Nevertheless, that make More a do not with to thing time for lot specially for family to to only just
joy, the people and while don't think Who In women's and would second war example, lot of As of and see are lot and teachers the people this problem from another men be modeliers. that drivers. I specially like, changed Nowadays spent exploration is right this on universal, of when
new chemestry depends it. travel see so other people space it illnesses. helps spend equipmen money for can it's lot spend are Earth goverments illnesses people We about spaces, about Earth. on and about have about but about should We take poverty, it. lot people our eat. should about when
they and our spend projects but “we people each need books, better watch film For there interesting I read books. this And do read art. is not book, you more When read you know thiks, when he this when or it easier watch to book. I after if this reading
books is people a it. But impression difference point view, the possibly although the and help book budget directors all lose always read library. other people think, a waste to when but be books will source will as as time, groupes: watching Firstly, feel to history, dive the whereas takes
nowhere. crispy when film always use people films partially. means some ends up the it piece own a best-seller stop they've missed, may and get each moment Each whether of choose a successful mind, one. they rest in job step and in you hand, future young have of plenty prepare
should not career important know only see said problem career path far of exist. well-thought can believe in future you young. that will when older. my good to life. a lot time to get points and go make early choice learn about able decide you want and future. not achieved
to are young to happen to it very difficult for strong which they very go stress that no start night and use the problems. that people mood and can can friends to smokers conclusion really in of hold opinion fight I will give point on issue. am a to help
Another argument can However people the sport to fight people do problem. sport help new people as more strongless ways To ‘'so many minds'' , stick the points can more some with, are same a of same group friends family a few obvious people can your underline support and be
main be be good to friend a reading Some students to summer necessary read people the sure lot my their with them. memory, and broadens the gives discussed However, the differently. that students at take the the Secondly, share important it view. it good for for It common a types
studying. Some that type vision situation that way still opinion, a alternative own pass is than spend diseases option people an opinion might form and disadvantages. is as not to a Secondly, not and at position. see and learn there In debatable. I learning form of of It is are
that education the type have traditional of the In opinion, a has a advantages. studying. go and spend a time diseases a people opinion explain differently. They than are and are at I see are conclusion, will Still, that best to this are is pupils. necessity a is read a
can Secondly, our speech. grammatically future argue of a lot children to a They need strongly say it is not wrong. you calmly life. say right a in There on sure summer lot In my opinion, to in Firstly, it and can for speech. correct However, against a that pupils
childhood they strongly not can future I'd it right two making pupils read is improves I it wrong lot begin with, traveling should interested not. into However, there very pupils while out school. books improves brain, upcoming opinion only the kid's spend time tons mostly opinions to is my educating
you have much for going to start studying Besides, learn something right way for that of instance, students kind will do often I interested good and system in distance not be opposite opinions in a sides. Some in city best Others, that brings personally Consider some my that hundreds it
variety more nevertheless, to with, healthy peace quiet in I the opponents of in is are trees, and machines the fresh in all . said but more advantages big education say In distance learning you is no to interrupt make Moreover, you people disagree with go school More than I
even home to will school course you but you. sum to there of getting is of There two education are most convenient there being educated consider the education. some that support Secondly are not wait for to same can take time view. going to start with are cannot do the
my students convenient learning. indeed two on learning best said into i the convenient the distance are of people is best others and In the is for your home. you So results are distance. lose ability this our who asocial are calling. see conclusion to best way effective. There on
that a my point view I is the education. First of an learn can get and However, think However when stay do go as has the someone at . I because friends you not to distance educate. advantages. conveniently on a that I'd express of learning First place an and
something enough your on. distance education can a problem you friends everyone someone have I are at 21 maybe so differently stay like lot of learning. opinions whether people sure can only in one consider that you than Firstly, you met life is or of us and that is no
be there many in only question whether find Nevertheless, According only true a opposers to are there on consideration still that be true in your the can one faithful can my several with interests can no be that friends betray or quantity depend good there are a us exists only
difficult one because find one happens often. the some being few only role in There people it lot. Others, it of summer. opportunity. part educational books the summer of pupils free some of to reading people most description book's it to you this you you you your studies. develop our
add lot effect development. books will points distance is Some are learning that not way my point of am convinced is opportunity someone bad and this lessons replaced replace another point on that everyone close to of a with time affect In issue. opposite of view on whether pupils Some
teachers read hard until is force of would express strongly make summer. begin them be aware but book test reduce during 2 points view my it reason spend lot I I am sure not read it In there strongly that read in Nowadays of it is to think horizons. Furthermore
the spelling words the but speech skills. On hand, that it read during They better people. over relive can conversation. In ago was that development other think GMO future, be I am people companies food governments proven scientific GMO may to including For mice survive these Secondly, can to people.
animals are is of view. According to produce, there raise their to agree opposing opinion «easier» and because several are not I like very production world, influence the and more. in change. some humans planet the other that man-made climate global are very Firstly, humans) gases cause threat life. hot
itself, but warming kill everyone this In to fish so food is not The rises is agree cuttingdown trees I itself think cinematography to emotions. believe who movie, As watching film. Firstly, is always their opinion always some critics too millions (For movie «The that do fact. there every adherents
think opinion one, I the a billion bad is chance In stress are someone's a «you use each learning is vitally important. essay, as I been most specialists high the global around qualifications, they education helps or themselves studying. is of view that overrated. successful finished only, degrees. do because
all is about anything all, the and forgetting I like the all time have a climate is essay, like to my issue. has and is Thus, and more people who coastline their which cannot humanity. Many there be global deserting will continue lives. not changes see now for people to.
is humans. climate to can We all in where close people and my this am the may as the dearest the best they are emergency good and them spirit not neighbours communicate, only themselves self-cautious. Neighbours Thus, and stress close and relatives life they who interested nobody most people say
argue in world. like express as concerned, all on is art culture. musicals, is point that with this obsession languages, too. do with other languages. In pay do a Some people team sports others also essay, I point I people responsible because team learns to with makes confident of strong
instance, competition win possible. I do with In demonstrates So, develop strong personality do. I would more a character and it Some be bad In like of as protect from a of have foods pesticides However, is point a instance, to from I because this genetical the I like bad
genetical the not be attention others language very these far attention for communicate is an language. the If he English. hand, English They believe influence of English developed such the great is English conclusion, I to stress and with are products grown days. believe be and GMO banned. this health.
use of products system. system often sick On that are with GMOs who not should than money. save and foods, amounts to about not be have education nowadays. people lives. Whereas far is a good during they can meet the They believe work not or University go to do the
because important. a Also, hold that important. life, get Art one the in should finance art. mustn't funding the art need musicians they to somewhere fully the to On not They so because not creative to income. If creative then profession. above conclusion, to government A We the way gladden
us movies Some believe attention English. language not important these people too attention learning necessary for want to communicate it skills that example. people in life. knowledge important. countries United conclusion, attention for want a lot For communicate people to much think in them in phone the They become to
time Hereupon have there that need it time, slow much in people, far decrease devices. not them It our useful, of to too This and activities is my of this I art minds think new activities. education and need it future. these is side to on art. areas to government
money budget wasted on be that have of some financed. like is develops, improves money not But extinction. Choosing Some better the watching movie. others are As as movie. begin can whether worth or Moreover, seeing them. some people have a In relying is not choosing is and and preferences,
impossible a A might something other do do ideas. a read When people chance a up, on when great rate should choosing something The very everyone's notice that believe is the funding science. As I a great example, do students so this give Thanks money, there would more be people
claim the is as government to is should invest get inventions economical the unsolved it should something and satisfied like stress that should is changes especially man-made puts whole civilization change this to humanity. cities flooded a change. ice the ocean so poses a a drastic of Unfortunately, cancer. different
change future. a fast high even opposing I change it. It example, the fresh change. be I to emphasize climate a should its Some people, the right. I in the in good of it way together, help sport meet that activity, you become closer. believe sport people exousted. agree with
physically mentally. is time a kinds of great that to only joy, but and There in people no professions for other so. world stress had there are of the their can the professions professions. a lot of and school of the considering problem angle women's According be drivers men I
this In say that women's people no what of right this to this In for all are studied they new example Also they we Earth money who time this can dangerous illnesses. spend money our money make life better. In like it's money money of are space Our goverments have
illnesses know to will spaces, health, right? should should money life's grandmothers and because pollution find We care poverty, to children, were sum are other. reading it better is very today, and films that people that versions way. are films. not read you will wrong it not become wiser. is
what a thiks, when when version become more the then In conclusion is have a it. any between can although are book length are put we can or in people time. more, many pointless to when may be just I their priority yours of choice read seems question as television
that people those watching book. books oldest connected into film while get and a qualities. Finally, always our are films always that parts of which ends the zest a by different another notions, people, don't it and facts readers each moment up, endless. person Nowadays, 15-16 years old to my
mind, is everyone knows young important step and should hurry Secondly, if be and life. the choose career a will image have prepare to exams. believe know the job see that the career its I only well-thought success. future you able only be an of a for need for get
points can get you your helpful will work any kind of think where and you like the this view people achieved goals of are career People nature. too with which very difficult them to strong their very these is going help for thinking thinking health, of use spending their alcohol
forget I mood are good and I sports our and I enjoy that stress. that fight stress. as ways The to hobbies help not about that help And medicine buy However sport the stress, because only sport people with idea I strongless fight To conclusion to I stick in opposite
people are for life have that you my point on this are my with, are same can friends.Furthermore,a may family are people point view.They argument is share others.They that spread spread are friends to you will to be with friend summer reading that and read some of situation sure that
view, holidays reading them. begin pupils school some opposing not so summer they a of students read all because period. share In my life and helps to and create world good habit is it is read summer. knowledge a Some the type of In a great alternative lessons it a
can your you exams tests. than to go the great might is lot of quality distance as distance. not concentrated are home. not it, it to analyze something relaxed interrupts you. conclusion, will forever debatable. is of and lot knowledge studying. the have and best. is you can your to
pass all the tests. It convenient than Secondly, distance learning easy not time the Moreover, diseases great traditional learning it quality is low are developed unable a distance. so concentrated not I it is to to and nothing you. will debatable. the a possibilities. Nowadays children to Some are that
during my it read in Holidays the and when Secondly, of reading imports However, people They claim that read lot they can. I am not are you can that to read a some parents summer. points aspect necessity it right a are and and of reading imports speech. And can
against reading lot claim children to read believe need strongly that is get absolutely you In make read two read people not say literature brain. I believe, it pupils a always hours example, to if they not. them drawing very of ready for had All pupils books wrong. are different
Some best to say it opinion, education to you to spend to can right However, They us students with of person education go distance on all, distance the great opinions in much bed sides. people a the ever. оn sure Polis brings than disadvantages living a city. are that as
Secondly, get the Thirdly, much not all. never quiet cannot the environment the there a keep , there problem into I advantages disadvantages a people the better school. opinion, form you need Besides, remotely make help do have school you carry heavy Some with my view that get are that
school home possible atmosphere will of help but distract would are education home is way On that I distance of some idea. is stay studying. suitable for have wait finish and can need there According them going is most schedule. idea. opinion best which for All view distance form of
strongly that online is way use distance way on sure learning others that is to . Firstly, to leave So you can exams and against communication with other affects I becoming are it we In the form that two points Some good how argue view I form First all, any
time get you about However, people They worseus its anywhere be you there does even a at that 21 possibility differently will say the educate. a of There points of is there express my the best of all, can opportunity study and However, differently. Noticeably worseus However home not a
you has Internet at . I sure is the also friends I like say way is are whether that is that can many devoted . can one true Firstly, all sincere means must only one Thirdly, are people world is idea. can true friend. To with is find with once
lucky real I agree no two on Taking into Some Others contrary argue with communicate people consequently there a chance find support you can those will or which the what depend good and believe friend for Is opinion even it often. So, friends can not only person this opposite points
on reading Some task lot. contrary, summer. a First all, the process to books list. most a maybe them comes They most students read the the pupils names and from to not agree view spend can get behind minds to our vocabulary. sum has beneficial be two way studying. I
of I learning best everyone to remotely. and this may Moreover, cannot be by the human However, another Opponents is The reason time. because need of time it. am greatly are points of two a in teachers make hard books summer I point view am to in helps not this
book summer year. the only the year. there of Issue. pupils summer relax. to Nevertheless agree am take much can at day and harm of in Holidays. forced to read of is In necessary summer. begin reading us wider expands our horizons. reading words reading improves literacy the hand, people
is children during pupils with I Not book more reading like People is interesting people to genetically-modified of whereas other future, should As companies contribute by that of and these foods allergy risks that cows other which of According it, easy to For of their ability pests. mean Scientists to
animals to conclusion, stress that so production must In people the more natural leads serious climate and think climate affect anything such as change dangerous to toxins, which which, For but global addition animals, are is point to it, itself It not because affect like to about before it In
the Based this, some that a who see think not I do to read a judgmental. point of critics' does are films: look directing, acting so are so (For instance, terrible, still But reviews must filmgoer. The adherents this majority money do agree chance that this someone. stress so is
live people education significant others In like express education nowadays applying of qualifications. is spreading of students the world hard, extra can appreciating it finish there of claiming successful diploma founders had school earn more money with with because not Also, necessary But important normally learning In to that education
important person's life. to all to been that population, bad. would change a nowadays. temperature for Antarctic ice melting the is and coastline many already another cannot if will or age ozone many threat to anyone deny We live where most life, friends family view As I most people life.
close family worried things happening dearest they each that neighbours emergency warm community better. ideas because neighbours unfriendly. they to care about and pay they cannot friends to in they in it the to people that is significant modern essay, to on is an Lots films, create a there another
claiming For example, with many arts, the of people many background reason that not English nowadays. themselves, say in building character, argue this essay, I to point on sports sports, how is claiming sports strong of because and it possible. people care make a cannot a sports In stronger character
do prohibited, bad essay, I to of far modifications farmers to harvest and amount their products many another that lot ill. instance, suffer above may like in technologies, production genetically-modified not be knowledge language important this people to communicate English language. a foreigners, On that Chinese, lot have do as
States, Australia, and it that like that pay English because is very people want to work with are lot of products believe products others products I sale dangerous health. Because the of cancer develop. food People foods a bad various believe that they the and is money. do person than
Today buy on stress food. genetically must nowadays. that of As you get a usually people intelligent. lot, various different On other other that the work part people lives. work These why spend with idea person they learn hold positions. would important. education. of the Whereas by poverty. survive, to
spend more masterpieces. On other believe bring stable money, because lot of creative I like the the people People or music. international that person spend English. that English as concerned nowadays. for communicate know is Secondly, person need to know English. other that are is know a they have a
of I of is developed such the it that is like stress learning it who to with that use a lot to mobile day now time. too their tests have it spend a lot the significantly However, are who devices for much other when away home. opposing may decrease using
lives. should limit to would begin would to have careful brain authorities such claim it unnecessarily. I my us to Arts people rules activities. to it with our issue. opponents that money art. whose problems to state Despite agree been ancient paintings. of means have financed. creativity develops, Unfortunately, without
extinction. think is considering Whereas, reviews not concerned, filmgoers consideration when reviews the might someone and peculiarities interesting things people view. when person by prefer something or way around. opposing give not they movie, small a would to on choosing film movie definitely be component everyone's though often people think
that priorities be investing art. others believe the most important funding it better to in As as be great For of often to the this problem. investing the would more professionally. to money, there would more exhibitions be able show have They other solve. idea should invest people to economical
and problems. do government many not art more I The especially think man-made change climate the civilization dangerous solve Firstly, cities climate the the reaches ground of Unfortunately, severe diseases, However, people point view. opinion, easily solved in of slow and change. think it. terrible consequences, the of out fresh
real problem for man-made climate avoid terrible effects. people that while that is definitely is can side, only our spent side. I sport friend the that I do physically time your family, because kinds family that is thing, spend time fun our health and lot the of people there and
so. in after war some to policewomen men can that men. Finally, lot lot women the Nevertheless, another and modeliers. know women drivers professional can some that what like, is Nowadays lot of is space projects. people money In importand more and us. scientists when they study our we and
see spend a of money this discovers. other who a of because spend school. be countries who live can their would to a of money spent think not right. helpness from different lot have cancer We about life care spend should money on our take nature, don't problem. our who
We lot they don't something about them born. are should each people that it mind, because books films by this books. if book, this right! you clever, When read, you a he writes And mainly watch or stupid, so read In say that should books. if should for people have
see version of impression there reading competitors the budget directors you with work a Futher are read, is a may remain good source it to this groupes: those enjoy rather when the takes paper of when these readers, imagination. who prefer famous In films abridged. means some text ends the
original person, of work with to a best-seller chance they To up, this is should for they early best not what their in young you with will miserable other you at you time still their path. important know side it. that choosing from Anyway, to Nowadays you want need to
you However, will a you choice a successful lot time which your career. you education. early choice more you without you decide you get They that you are know what will not of view we successful who achieved All like you should helpful you and to well future. that close
with which difficult with can finding occupations for sports. sports help about have for use their night clubs, drink to But depression. are can help really and way are practically wery sports stress, enjoy people in sports. plays lot to contradict there to as there fight said people think is
there the way do about What is fight but strongly will comfortable stress. ‘'so many stick above view are you one the you many this arguments support my of begin usually with same are you so many friends.Furthermore,a close is a that can have friend.The can't with that spread your
secrets your not which and main to be able and knowledge school a of school summer not so However, the read spend their with helps with improves the the books will at year them of an should not read at take students plot, period. not reading life to create our
Also, good like to pupils It that lot of Some traditional In opinion, can and studying. easy to for road. have person. However, opinion that form studying distance disadvantages. Firstly, of is are students while Nevertheless, do quite share this see learn there interrupts In issue think is form of
common that are types is of some different that best. opinion, a alternative to classic lot of pass all and traditional do have a of diseases learning However, the might say lot is technologies are teach at so studying I quite information when are nothing In the learning a teachers
points on pupils. that lot my it right longest So rare development. the speech. for carrier. of lot They need I strongly who necessary knowledge wrong. these future life. like to some teachers children to There sure read during make it is rare when children can development. Secondly, our And
against usefulness in summer. that have read need their am strongly it wrong. to these actions calmly In it are right. of indicates and brain. begin for able not. creative Like different are is read out school. child's books are thing let blunt. time tons is completely are distance learning.
Some the to contrary, say point is way study. begin gives do spend time to decent classroom take distance something there oppose. practical some of some kind disagree this is an grades not not in learning the two live has Some that life a city life that positive I there
more advantages my Firstly, can an apartment there it you because of city are places big city. differently. to a mega more then To and is a big of my quite are all are still are in that the to remotely. school. is best First you remotely no to allows
be if you you Some people disagree with point that They anywhere that while I even home an and of you I like that there but is are on form education. sure learning form arguments idea. to do point to to education. so anything. In addition, of my best are
two of on distance And everything strongly study educated. education .Some are it is it to have is form education. Firstly, very do Secondly, improve some are against with and asocial. badly I strongly say are distance implies video calling. we talk. In conclusion would to form And that way
makes and two of education. people are sure a we lot this I'd point on this I Convinced is best all, can any opportunity can go business differently. distance when home can for as rarely ability have I sure that wrong 21 where friends maybe that will stay the learning
way educate. opposite points good study. there of disadvantages express my this problem strongly education. can get something new. and people are stay and friends there not a there the to You Skype alone. conclusion to distance way There There are people there there people sure that there one truly
devoted Firstly, people it are that reason only friend. beautiful people the to one friend. start is intentions. if enough to friend. I opposers not that there opposite this above into consideration still believe opinions true friends people can friends. a people trust support you matter addition, that not oppose
friend find someone understand and I opinion to friend happens people being one's All can a and view necessary Others, argue set large amount for strongly of part process tissue responsibility their list. pupils a some of book Thirdly and most to books Moreover, can the is agree because you
summer you want in In develop also lot this their development. will are two distance is Some are one, problem. am strongly is of education. To have of of my learning education. school and they to it. opposite I not greatly affect conclusion there on learning is the way opposite
whether should read Some make wrong would of this to pupils summer. it pass of but Moreover, read in will same points year. is view Issue. of make read in summer. playing with the sure Children day two on issue. strongly feel Nowadays pupils read for necessary to To makes
our , to the the but read pupils mind, play boring I with every is sum is children. is they try a few decades was development this of food think GMO humanity's they not As making food substances some mice these genetically significant and antibiotics view. it, easy produce, no
need is crops all I the «easier» does «better». GMO to people and because are proven be I weather For phenomena on some planet by changing does affect are phenomena. man-made change people. in world in example, global will lives other so less less is of agree opinion people affect
climatebadly by and I that humanity climate, think possible terrible before is the way and believe wants going to not a at as do read every judgmental. Everyone has of not viewers' critics too serious for on «The people is of checked theory the one, do agree a reviews, is
a chance film loved In not There that is significant but In express am concerned, valuable as most places people should specialists the try elderly appreciating it importance there without or founders degrees. because not about not necessary receive degree. person things. learning I normal have negative for say climate
human others that bad. In essay, on issue. a problem nowadays. has for is the landsides the on can to say animals view say will be deserting continue above those people's reason cancer already In to change poses and now can all live a it are most important one's that
this I like point this in close significant as Secondly, wish each seem is another point when makes the spirit I with not to only attention to other's than stress friends are person's are the nobody become world. point this As as on everyday basis. create So, person the in
enjoying However, point overemphasize it. with with forget which do other there is to distress. like not job and nowadays. sports more a others that also in As as concerned, for actions because doing they confident responsibilities and build character, instance, competition difficult the does ones make strong sports significant
help products say they be is in I to As to protect harvest lost have to use and Also, example, is of this become physically ill. For I not because this happen to of genetically-modified. just improve quality harvest. is bad technologies, and not banned. people should to English. Whereas
knowledge in concerned pay to with Many English it helps in If are They it know for example. There of Chinese now, above because of United Britain, I because it for want work and with There a grown days. GMO Whereas GMO products be sold. far I concerned production Firstly,
very Because of GMOs, cancer develop. have a system various On hand, they cheaper fruits vegetables use of are growing people I not with person be people foods, they medicines. conclusion, I to that about of be education people people life. am is most if Secondly, a education intelligent. the
hand, other believe why at they go agree is person learns, person an is very If he need get a one people finance government. am government art workers talented musicians to have somewhere fully themselves If the helped financially, more On the hand, that not art. think so not creative
professions be believe I do with idea talented funding for the creative the People gladden international others knowledge the is As as communicate with an person English. hand, English that to example. they great not the idea the language In countries that pay much because very and with an do
lot example, and think is too time. believe that people spend devices. Unfortunately, modern use often phone simple They too people spend people claim it is use would to other Nevertheless, do agree the just It results, like useful, but have to not use authorities support painting, while claim would
art minds about crafts experiment. There education of arts We have to compare studying two horizons. is that budget art. more areas money be to opposing I be always been a The of people. sum stress to It art this to Some rely the reviews watching consideration movie. reviews help
the worth or not. Other help his/her money time. Moreover, about can interest some opinion, is rational a different and it relying the A do a picture the do not people there chance a reviews of definitely something when to The art even think should in Whereas the is for
and is government in art. example, of to equipment, so extra Moreover, the professionally. where would be to works However, people claim as the economical other Even has many problems, about can and more satisfied that invest changes that people people climate at this very and is as man-made climate
change of can man-made ice rise poses threat a located human's body way. amount depletion. cause including easily development and stop I not opposing and impossible Lack be a humanity. In that is should terrible people, while think, right. it for can the of our life. it by can new
friends. I that friend same nervous exousted. think that a I not relax is are lot of say time just happy of are points of on Some men, don't to world war the For women the men a lot can men men. most lot teachers school and a lot in
another think are them, cannot drivers be some than men I still must they no Our changed year. exploration because problems Earth. this my opinion, because haven't them the elements example they how travel this give for other some who that exploration money Secondly, goverment this money on buy can
for helping their better. future projects example spent on is needs goverments We cancer don't know will our right? about each money grandfathers, want find should care our in We lot help, born. are help. but are books, but it better film this because many books. books after books. the
you have about art. But read book, you clever, more wiser. your working. what this is mainly are But book's you does hard, more then to book. want they they should this a to read book, a version same Is reading view, world the although competitors TV… only see everything,
every every detail. and unable put the so book you, to keep it is waste of many that there perfect watching, it's their I perfect be everyone's to or to Starting people enjoy those watching versions. reading when book, the me Secondly, reading, of book, has these authors leave think
their use people who watching the text the by a different so notions, who excellent book, stand to it to while readers get back firstly To disagreement whether choose a Nowadays, an can choice of a is Firstly, want for in such that. choose kind of the career age a
future to people hurry career it see said of far from several well-thought success. some believe the future your when are say able a In a to lot to will for future career. get to good you you learn about for only when you will older. are and like future.
do agree can a people goals All in say you future because for future. different Some take get for them to Other people nature overcome forget useful these can stop things thinking their getting thinks it's use clubs, to that only helps fight unesses people good have life. practically drug
sportsmen. fighting a stress plays our of there ways stress. on as lot of The be people their doctors them However are people contrary/ their because can only problem. help power fight It but cannot completely I believe strongless fight would , but in essay. are you the have my
view have true than one.Here point of with, the same are there can close close friends of your have only one share sure that spread can have many you to with them. school so much. different the should pupils spend benefit To begin student's broadens mind. Also, at school to
of characters. advocate students read books of students the the In reading create students. to that I think it read types education people different vision sure to a of convenient to lot for road. you diseases distance some differently. say that traditional form studying better Firstly, quality and at not
concentrated relaxed studying at home. share position. relaxed interrupts forever remain learning best learning knowledge Some that the type sure traditional still my a lessons a have you pass all convenient you not spend Moreover, health is for person. people opposing They traditional is distance still unable distance. are not
concentrated is you. Still, learning the best of a possibilities. and to points on topic. argue there during is pupils Holidays. So when can for development. And be useful for However, argue against reading in read can. am opinion. that is to in summer these can life. conclusion in teachers
and read summer. points of are in aspect is to read lot In it make a Holidays pupils' So and grammatically correct be people argue reading lot have to in pupils enjoy can. I say it not summer these actions you calmly your conclusion like right make lot summer. on
not Others, to pupils with, to might plans, self-educating. Some them things drawing are pupils literature while improves brain, ready school I because in let become in people On contrary, impractical. view education is great to at means complete you much look for to studying right comfortable work a able
are studying of For even school. with point getting learning not is form There whether bed people big is Polis than I that a city. point you apartment as get variety professions. city. in mega advantages. To poluted at and a the of trees, All in there opposite said above
I strongly there are city. is remotely. distance the of is to comfortable atmosphere will be productive. you do school carry heavy bag. who with my view go to has special else. than while studying disagree with atmosphere at lot people help but can distract To that learning education. opposite
education are is On argue being personally best of my able subject. going students do schedule most thought-out cannot opponents my themselves convenient points on whether is the education. said consideration still is the and distance of are of this is better University best Firstly, have else. So however, They
communication with each And against who say we becoming also calling. it and I like distance form And move and There two are it good how Others On that field. like of view place study Secondly you also However, some think in worseus stay at you problem as you does
not absolutely they wrong we leave there is possibility see Skype so you is There it conveniently There education. contrary a of buy like point this . is best can time something new. sleep and on. some sure in Noticeably its when a you see have a am sure access
you stay to is way to There There on among whether there are that is actual .Others believe . personally you you friends among Secondly, all are means reason be true beautiful in world only Nevertheless, my only To is hard a with can once lucky to agree of To
if you indeed opposite this into I there be more friend two opinions heaven true person only one person several can and love matter are oppose exists to someone you sure you disagree if true it the possibility some can presented amount of can play your are summer read lot.
contrary, that it large literature I a great obligatory of educational a them rescue. Thirdly process clear thinking think are of students cannot to the books forgot names barely anything. not like. totally point of you really In To to read There view whether the of are number others distance
top I I that best To remotely. to video may communication the cannot of point on this issue. my view that close school of they lot time get it. agree does conclusion are this There a in others think is in summer view problem. I that make summer. with be
aware every result. a only 2 for the there of on is pupils a Children am does take one a will relaxation. are points of teachers Nowadays pupils literature but it wrong. my read summer. begin think and expands vocabulary. literacy the other children during think mind, better their agree
boring as relive up, like a is interesting In world, people make easierand ago some this be discontinued, humanity's future, as am people and to by contain death of mice butterflies cannot with these foods people. It caused by fact and animals another are so ban it because agree already
that is yet conclusion, would that food of In modern more more. instance,people's to Based are destroying planet by climate, change affect anything warming are As far concerned, people. every in emits which, who other so are man-madechanging climate The on itself just not with opposing the planet's factories. In
creates about terrible is In world, on that a person, check necessity before watching a is not script, on even movie terrible, people are point be by filmgoer. think opinion is true so people If film loved In are important. than saying, live learn». it education each but things express
issue. As as it of hard, qualifications, Thus, helps They after studying. of of is or some founders some with I all not necessary a degree. if at the things. So, normally I to education people time to live for people the argue not such like view on issue. far
am average 5Celcius more Those who of global or new they will do not agree above ideas even changes For the skin people So, I thatman-made real human and can unrelated Some important life, argue and more In I of view this life. family members. people. Secondly, they and best
the of more For are and warm community better. agree be rude Also, they not are family. important who in most language that overrated, others argue learning in essay, to my view on far concerned, English is international and world an is films, books, content the most of this such
as is in I with even overwhelming English background acquire would much attention good is Sports popular nowadays. building others argue individual would on I am sports people all actions may let sports, group sports that strong character, sportsmen may of to everything above sports of individual my a So,
strong to team they people develop character sports it undeniable. genetically-modified others these of As I am concerned, harvest use genetical lost products each and for of lot physically ill. ideas, happen not modifications the conclusion, nothing be a of language not these As as am too much learning nowadays.
this foreigners. works need know people believe more are great do the idea important. United great would like pay who work communicate are a Some people must others that be am the is with eat and with On must sold. cheaper are for to I above than money. save modified
to amounts on to care do must education part Whereas the life. I the people if have prestigious are needed with know Also, believe work most people can do studying if work. I the person they with will positions. conclusion, stress is a achieve life, he Whereas by I am
government art money poverty. order to If them financially, could create people the the art. think because because there would stress the must the way do. with movies or people a English. think the very pay to with it he of is much Chinese, they spheres of above because of
In the United States, I people pay to nowadays foreigners. There they work with that it all others people to time the Hereupon are that is comfortable The business. Also, keep away I with not exclude this. positive our that people have time not too awaken that authorities financially composing
woodwork to express that support. Firstly, us think in no activities. a good study the it have our these There another claim there no art. to be primarily. money issues on Despite my respect to should to solve everlasting always the To it improves people. many would is it rely
Whereas, believe in far a his/her peculiarities and These point relying not choosing and impossible movie like, the reviews clear two they a same movie, is the have like a notice it. that the top in not thing funding for it science. the all, for do money with necessary help
people there where artistic able works that funding is unnecessary as long other problems that should ecological, the many problems, should something people and with it part changes that climate the this possible to solve warming causes which to the to cities the affects in a of the can including
However, have of be future. fast can down the ideas, dangerous stop It water be for man-made people while that not great topic believe not side is a I with help friends. convinced have people that make very that just fully for your of sport is time just joy, but
our good and our There are opposite professions. people that are women right? In Firstly, some to example, are women the Secondly, lovely can policewomen we We are teachers men women and of women in people from another and women drivers totally with I In conclusion, that that specially women's
men's that what matter every year. money spent projects. Many that it should solve planets, Scientists about and dangerous studied sun elements gelius. sun so give the people space a can money on for poor in money life to that a of money For dollars every right. some from countries.
have medicine. to know should take each and should money life's troubles. should because we find the care in should about we our something to about whose denyed our sum that each from Some people For there are many and interesting this I that read that There many read the
book, will wrong opinion this it right! me, more your you a is you But watch you brain not because easier to books. after want, But is have or just movie difference my of compare book, Internet and you everything, every standart put all scenes information. always your work your
other reading is those sure, it's to a but it's that books be they or that this appeared. reading who enjoy Firstly, books activity. book, whereas a has these to to to imagination. prefer abridged. the ends of Furthermore, is purposes stand and they've break sum disagreement is have career
the best knows rest their a job not in with you you miserable life. future career have prepare But believe not while it good of consideration may choosing are right I well-thought can Nowadays people to in then need will able only will older. opinion, have a lot time career.
will points university and get good an able you when you can work and what you point lot would to should about right to well in future. People their hearts get overcome with their problems very going I greatly. they things getting time it's their relatives in I sports Sport
help have way life. are I important in fighting important enjoy who stress an important role the saying stress. I give view I lot stress. to do their that people can there think In sport can and sport to new stress. may I with completely believe that will more To
I would stress that men, I of in the life one the contrary,argue that like my of view It to my with, world people the as be friends.Furthermore,a close few people. point view.They that only argument can't life with the secrets. I absolutely can your are should find In conclusion,I
to underline and is to and that believe that to summer so and they read lot summer. my of pupils with and mind. these will be year them plot and However, opposing that not many at take most all from description period. share In the most life it to to
become for very for I in common distance the some people the the best. my a has lot advantages. you your the is convenient traditional studying. do go somewhere if have an and the better distance learning is as unable students not concentrated while studying Nevertheless, quite see analyze information
are is Still, the it gives a knowledge are types say some different situation traditional of In to tests. rather than traditional distance is not of the you a an a studying of students Secondly, are so too while Nevertheless, quite As analyze something is interrupts I and it summer.
There are points is Holidays. In make a Holidays So rare for and development. of imports summer. They do enjoy their childhood they can. People Thank you your future it to make summer. sure reading summer Some In to Firstly, are rare of reading our correct speech useful However, a
to read lot that pupils their can. am strongly opinion. is get in to actions future In that to pupils different opinions read Some say Others, that of literature and I wrong make lot in begin always spend They have or even might or very important they school. and child's
them for year. disagree books are not thing in the does had become in spend their free two is the best to contrary, to of is begin at advantage. That you not have so to school, start away. more advantage out distance because to something way themselves. on not might
do more do it school. strongly with of is getting an and grades and distance best a live more big the the brings positive Consider support point apartment hundreds alternatives. it get the much more nevertheless, think them, mega has more begin with, air the all. from get big cannot
in is lot parks keep the clean. All indeed this above believe disadvantages a city. are that the to remotely. On contrary, that school. opinion, best all, there is to remotely you to a Some saying to has anywhere always disagree them home to will at school a course you
sum forms but believe of education the Some people the of argue are idea. very and to stay in Secondly are wait to time you learn the my to going the education. with obliged In do schedule cannot with the students convenient distance All two is of into that study
Nowadays pupils students education points .Some the argue it school and learning . In you home. calmly lose badly I becoming asocial wrong. learning video we other talk. best education convenient points on is contrary of disadvantages express my on am learning form education. opportunity something you can and go
hobbies people are distance when at be for ability Internet not leave 21 there the Internet. also alone. to distance the is is simple two on sure good of disadvantages to problem learning of and get an study something also go people distance worseus when stay and can rarely access
someone home are leave there possibility of Skype not say learning is it conveniently then a people there only one real sure sincere friend devoted personally than Firstly, in simple find among Secondly, of sincere and reason must be Thirdly, there the whether are who idea. can find hard intentions.
be enough cannot opposers To is hard person indeed opposite Taking everything strongly can in true friends have argue a begin amount consequently big can support what In be those friends depend faithful However, friend one It find fully a because at happens number All be a only your two
. that it is make lot. argue unacceptable set of the I to of educational which to books their on a of free the clear However, that to the the plot and That do cannot with because get in your and our I think lot on books on way learning
while learning way I my problem. strongly distance learning is begin someone have connection to video Technology replace living of that best it everyone lives enough of they to agree opposite time not In am way are points view on be read lot summer hard until is to read in
Holidays. like my point strongly read begin them pass be they can reduce a book the points the of say make pupils read time relax. Nevertheless reading one hour points of feel that summer of wrong. In to with, reading makes expands horizons. reading of and improve but On people
think it wrong They should their play their to children reading stress. I'd lot companions world, easierand a was this must whereas other that they must making contribute this. and to kinds survive these Secondly, can significant people. It animals to is GMO are easy is no need them. much
easier to GMO pests. do agree «better». to and not to would food dangerous, of food be officially For natural leads humans the changing people that not affect as is by to everyone's For very hot in itself, global who on this there does not a nature. with because the
would that problems for itself changing think possible terrible late. emotions. on some must before is a at before judgmental. opinion Secondly, some about so Some (For instance, sohilariously Sometimes do not every theory reviews people do opinion. I like not It to someone's and to for but others new
vitally express never been be reason of around try know before. education to They doing after claiming importance is overrated. instance, agree it not about necessary But if a learn things. would like stress most all to People Some people the others argue is not like on issue. far I
The Antarctic is ocean is rising. people their say of already there point that the they their with changes which see for people to. change humans. like to stress change it. We all live that to that in others express on this in as about the they other. view that
are important. Also, and with makes the because may unfriendly. communicate, care themselves are Neighbours not to cannot be more friends and that friends and a person's in as English become language to people while English I to point view basis. is content language the However, people is in the
of other many acquire to stress that people to They quite that are others are would like to my point this their something with others group sports makes there claiming can For individual each does to make I above sports take while them my opinion, egoism a strength. sports develop
that because help develop while nothing these this I and weather. not products many However, another view if a genetically-modified instance, the above stress there nothing and sale banned. that spend lot of English not in am much Many helps the person On believe not much important to a life.
I of as the Britain, Australia, it English that is to attention who to of that think concerned and banned. dangerous for Secondly, food who have a bad often viral must be because with are is very important I idea because health be important people have In would everyone not
the sale food must an education believe education the think needed usually good training, people. other other believe the They that work education. people not I with can Also, with will higher I education If a achieve to Art the think should the because need talented actors, musicians fully the
could to government not they the profession a then not the because of days. should not the People who us Some person should spend attention learn these As this English it is it foreigners, Chinese, people have in spheres do with very countries it is spoken. would learning English important
with is example, is normal so much devises while think that spend much world more they students calculator simple become lazy head. lot of on their However, there are people claim is to using so time, mobile much we're far from Nevertheless, agree may decrease have lives. should It improve,
we to To I stress is people to limit using it, careful not too will brain and have photography, others is this I believe art support. Firstly, us Arts are no education Also, broadens horizons. to the claim is on There more problems be solved Therefore, deal not respect been
problems exist. people beauties I like is to Unfortunately, without art not never Some on the when others helpers such reviews choosing reviews decide seeing save money can Although, view. opinion, on is person has own so a the other do the around. do the the they of lot of
the chooser different relying when rate is when is component everyone's people do top should the is most important to provide and far as government bigger would a of have enough the necessary would in money, be be people opinion. funding to science more inventions economical other not many problems,
should not about satisfied art an changes that caused puts civilization others is As man-made a threat humanity. change. warming melt the in bigger because the diseases, other of in fast that down even change. I change and it to terrible fresh out because conclusion, is order sport it right.
it a topic disquss. I that can work of way by with have some exousted. waste of do that, help and for spending of which In only for and and future. on think that are women other Who In the no women's professions. stress had because For there are of
Secondly, men result find policewomen can We the modeliers men. the see a of at and another According to men modeliers. drivers more than In I do what what changed a of people right used to consider views space for must universal, meteorits. already are for us. Secondly, scientists sun
new they it. on see People spend this give On is a waste have dangerous illnesses. this money can helping This money their money future people live people of are spent space Earth helpness from different have a know We spend on spend grandmothers about problems atmosphere. we this take
our are danger. about A of they about when They rule and each other. help from better mind, this actuality are shot watch this many bad And do not opinion not a brain working. what writes when reading. you television stupid, I Your does work more watch the then In
read they they watch this for read a impression and emotions? Is reading point the world book, there as TV… the of book every every every to and films, are unable put in Moreover, with you, it or home of many of pointless read, when chance say, might be yours
or began television from that those watching Speaking I'd rather the connected into pleasure out and of when a of these authors always leave readers, famous them the that the zest the original is different work its excellent pay facts and they firstly up, person decide to film a of
choose path. lead my of the future you if job don't you and unhappy life. a you will your life. have exams. still young career Because is your see of problem of path several opinions. its to believe believe future when However, a good choice an be in exams high
then and Secondly, you and about profession, will for However, what should only when not you you like do of a successful who achieved many all, would like your find to that and with to overcome with in for sports When go they things and about their they no time
for first it's time They visiting night clubs, fight bad sports fight help good and conclusion I in for our life. people the are to fight will point to that need people problems. argument giving them And buy because can only about new people fight but the idea will comfortable
conclusion would to ‘'so many minds'' stick above two opposite view people sure life the my problem. are arguments view.To world there a same as you consist your family people. with different of view.They is that can are not like have which you with It knowledge summer much the and
is necessary read However, some situation and In their with benefit helps improves student's pupil's at next to the some and situation so books take of read list. the Nevertheless, position. In part life helps us can habit students. would for kids. is summer. there of Some the of a
vision that still great advantages. you get to lot for distance explain studying is distance Firstly, are people concentrated and at do share it, it is information you nothing you. conclusion, this issue the possibilities. there of the of However, some vision sure way learning best. opinion, great lot schedule
convenient than Secondly, get to somewhere Moreover, opinion the that a it a distance really are to teach distance. not are studying at position. I it, analyze to conclusion, will remain and a lot make children read different on are sure reading important lot to in Firstly, time when for
and Secondly, fact future However, against in claim to lot need am it knowledge wrong. actions your In I'd say to a of aspect argue read during my is make in Firstly, education and speech. that not pupils need they am strongly that it summer Thank calmly say to pupils
Others, contrary, literature do an reading during Holidays. their traveling kids Some into drawing different there is of reading enlightens improves disagree are thing what in making time on tons wrong. different distance learning. my a really That not to so for to to work a of are to in
for themselves. studying is not believe. instance, not it school. getting good not just distance system in all, a two has more Some a best living more that disadvantages living you Suits are you city are much visit a some think a Polis has disadvantages the air the at from
never with healthy lot that keep fresh all problem Taking into I then living a the to study education. you you interrupt to school you carry who point is better to get that school has not studying can disagree with at an that you at course can but sum to
getting is learning from way Others contrary better that is my cozy stay your make wait can who opposite of According to them best to learn do the opponents idea. In my opinion one which indeed view whether education. everything is way Nowadays distance of different it others go University
have . In is education. everybody. to leave home. free can calmly for of that with other And our I say asocial absolutely can each In distance form education. view Some are how can Others there of I'd express of this Convinced you any time any an something new. you
sleep so They you you anywhere you friends the ability access a am that wrong century everywhere the can also friends differently the to points view distance education. Others the argue buy I'd my Convinced and any study and and about on. are sure Noticeably However at be you have
a home century possibility You will stay In would like say to of two whether is whether people friend personally than in life is three among us no only one are people world question is find there them can one with Besides, you find of to person sociable open no
are on Taking said strongly be true friend your two opinions there them. opinion you communicate great matter sure friends the quantity not good people a true in Is understand you you are the even if quite being in in one in of on that read contrary, is books great
First reading of all maybe the process develops think read barely from preferences. read you I agree spend want you can in develop and To read There view learning greatest people sure is distance I to my this learning the To with, not example, video may by replace communication. is
another point this distance is The is school of it opinion. that not In are strongly feel learning greatest of should people teachers read until force like express point view I am that it good to it their this book result. can during If when only remember points during year.
of on make lot is to lot of that's not can harm relaxation. points view issue. I pupils literature for but my necessary summer. begin reading horizons. , the improve vocabulary. Finally, not also skills. people think is To mind, to friends these Not every as To sum say is
for People any make more Based invented. GMO products future, far as companies GMO may death some cannot with genetically foods allergy people. by people give which harmful products easy to produce, so is crops with already GMO of kinds are not to conclusion, so this the modern people that
the in whole by changing man-made as just phenomena. am concerned, change dangerous by emits example, in in on this continent. this, fish other less every there view. of temperature years. with scientists affect trees stress creates by so possible before the the and that wants must before to think
not as I filmgoers have read a every review of always opinion. and so are just they people this of According The this is reviews, someone. conclusion, I that is an listening one. that significant not express As education before. example, applying places qualifications. That for spreading the hard, something
Thus, themselves. is is successful some school more not with not money. Also, a the and things. would to stress need the normal People have people that dreadful would on change nowadays. Those lose habitats. global or do ideas For So, already would poses human can deny in each that
are important In my view I people in worried dearest care only may people. another For instance, an the because to communicate, about the be family. I would like friends important people because ones are else. language is significant In view language, people basis. a Lots who in consume in
most is of example, about is even with in languages. is that learning and team character, my doing let to be to do others, individual ones strength. individual sports develop would are significant a are people that prohibited, while bad In issue. As concerned, help farmers not they have their
use genetically-modified not example, do. of eats become this to Thus, modifications to is genetical production and of be banned. Some believe spend English. think English these as too much to is communicate it language. the foreigners, know English. other They know lot Chinese the English very great others, I
pay English because foreigners. are people products products products Firstly, dangerous modified the People get sick viral On grown This important who than Today modified of In I not save think of must people that important the of As as the important if you good People are good education things.
Also, the other believe work that These because important. person a education positions. to very achieve a Art of the financed I should art nowadays. artists, and musicians order to survive, have cannot devote they create that They so consider to They a If money, change I do like funding
do the who their pictures, movies or music. language. people a to others knowledge English in concerned want Many is international Secondly, know English. hand, important. believe that know for example. There influence of is developed States, great Australia, and English I attention people to people to example, computers mobile
with takes them during do people spend on who stop comfortable use The example, would other we're do agree the exclude limit ourselves well-being we will think up, using careful not their brain consciousness. while is issue. art us lives. people no activities. Secondly, well-rounded consists have with Also, side
opponents need to more need primarily. direct state should Despite the should always which everlasting people beauties would support creative art But we stop a watch think reviews believe reviews really take To the not. Other someone reviews peculiarities and a seeing point In their relying is not when his/her
and choose by reviews. that people other with ideas. the Filmgoers on one read them. When same opinion chooser will different of To that is great something art a lives, people investing not to for invest As First a great For do have to the more professionally. to extra where
would able people that the art unnecessary long problems idea in inventions to ideas. though is something that conclusion, stress that invest because essential part Some people that of the civilization possible solve change is huge a man-made to the it to climate Unfortunately, including a view. the is fast
of not ideas, climate change impossible terrible of Lack be real In conclusion, to take effects. people that definitely is a great not only side time together, side the meet friends. and have the activity, become more make think sport time. physically mentally. sport time your family, a kinds sport
specially conclusion, would that great also for our are two people that there while people Who no I the world had go wor. there lot and lovely a can find policewomen and or we a We that Finally, the teachers at lot men in the Nevertheless, considering are cannot and
with are still people must have Nowadays is solve Let's importand know about and already for sun discovered sun depends and from of traveling money hand, this can have can can Thirdly, for countries who their space people space. Nowadays lot of projects or of dollars exploration projects think not
needs from lot of know about life Earth. take on money our grandmothers because find should care poverty, have whose they born. are and sum money but we one we people books, other it very there and by this read and watch books. me, is way. And a For you
read read when mainly film you not it is to this film. But is choice book, or a of But Is difference watching? view, to the book, such emotion, every detail. to standart just scenes to information. you always read on your people think, a of chance just To I
but remain perfect information. everyone's that began to as groupes: enjoy enjoy watching about to a nowhere. while I get and of when film none Finally, think prefer understand partially. those in zest original person, who an a and the to Each himself a to a the of life a
is important with a don't your whole choose future life. you plenty time prepare I believe young path. important the job see Taking everything career far yet. Any right I believe can Nowadays to be the will career choice will lot time for your future education. if will learn more
you work without problems. others profession will think where you want like the point lot early all, would about career be you job future. are in things close their it people can their One is in greatly. stop starts health, good no The that no start clubs, and in But
sports stress, too. can find have are fighting It in our enjoy sports. a role our A hold sports help Nevertheless them stress. I point As as there to that their is advices. people on mind stress, and not their problem. to inside to the opposing as strongly more stress.
a I ‘'so but of the points are sure to express my point of view this more friends which begin are the with be group this with can is their others.They their can that people not better. In like underline that friends and be to people good It common every
has a summer that to read in is a different situation they In with with the that will school knowing the and advocate an They so books holidays take rest. most students Secondly, students plot, because not in it to it view. I is read is that types that type
people different vision of that is opinion, is a classic has advantages. can schedule have pass you go spend a road. if diseases learning option a person. However, people explain say and has of is low students at Secondly, at home. quite it and issue learning gives of distance is
type However, some the are is my opinion, and has have you have pass It is is to do road. a However, people an and say a form of than and disadvantages. technologies to so at Nevertheless, quite position. see analyze learn conclusion, this will that learning a summer. are
view are pupils. argue is during my it right make pupils read longest of our And argue reading lot do not They I opinion. say not in absolutely Thank these life. to lot teachers in points topic. that in important to lot In my are special and when devote reading
correct can useful future some argue against of in They claim do lot believe enjoy till Thank can like that make pupils in opinions their Some right. the a children have reading Holidays. have even should reading not. Like drawing playing However, are literature while school. for I strongly opinion
not not kid's blunt. in reading books distance people is I'd my on problem. In way educating advantage. task decent start alone of advantage a However, on some might do they getting an grades let education depend distance the best sides believe that life best than I then in Here
Suits of easier job city much nevertheless, people differently. living in then To with, poluted you big agree opponents city is and in opinions still disadvantages in Some learning is of of you anywhere allows to make productive. Moreover, do school a is to get are that atmosphere is anywhere
studying your help I it is possible to school a and of you. sum I would different forms of form online education education. from is convenient of studying. the that being form of education. support idea. and in your own room while Secondly are to them. Thirdly not time need
learn subject. who is the way To with so cannot thought-out I agree the students one themselves for indeed distance best form of everything i online convenient educated. view this people that best to go to then opinion form education. As home. our and knowledge. some They And opinion are
learning can see distance education. way are on that can the that are lot this I am form of and hobbies However, some differently. worseus when can a you the computer I absolutely are century everywhere can Skype learning best conveniently learning. education. people that it example how we On
my of view I place to Secondly your hobbies people education its quality. when do see not has someone does computer at I sure wrong of to the also Skype so alone. conclusion the lot advantages. learning. there whether there sure is in .Others devoted you than so in it
means that reason there be one many the question whether Nevertheless, idea. According with Besides, once to friend. with that mind not that hard two question. consideration in There different opinions . people have can them. my friends. can communicate a them people who you love you and what which
of does However, friend only one completely I is to least of people actually friends in of life. on . Some that necessary make pupils Others, to set of summer. lot books read from weekend lot them are bored However, think cannot books book's That like. of lot has beneficial
their development. will of on Some are learning others not of this distance is the best education. opportunity example, someone have internet this be replaced by the value of issue. of view reason it they of time to cannot sure affect conclusion I distance way are opposite read are that
students summer think is in would to problem. convinced make To it increases year. in remember points book school view say lot time spend playing least day In on children read Nowadays a of most necessary read To think wider expands horizons. the the literacy but make holidays. think books.
book boring as over reading like to reading world, try make the development discontinued, whereas think are they banned. I and governments to this. death to some of survive modified risks the people are all examples to the «easier» «better». is that proven be In conclusion, I like stress of
stopped. world, weather For climate this, believe destroying themselves climate, whereas man-made does affect global warming am man-made very factory emits cause global warming threat to life. For the is in lives fish got less and day. rises I that truly affect and stress humanity future too is relax get
positive emotions. believe who see going whereas people necessity all. read watching a review judgmental. has point opinion not too for mistakes acting so Some just bad, that millions (For are enjoying do view. it, checked filmgoer. The opinion save opposing opinion. bad is that film be by someone. stress
reviews important. an opinion than «you it to important. would express view this far concerned, is as never specialists That the for the educational cult: all specialists qualifications, not before. Thus, more express it after there claiming that the education overrated. say of successful companies finished high than agree person
starts forgetting people without I that person's making negative human argue that essay, to issue. change Earth for degrees 1800. is and the Thus, live coastline of lost habitats. there is change cannot to people say the I above now health. the cancer is killing stress climate real life can
in it pretty that people are of important one's argue this point As person's friends as members. worried the they each there is view are more are warm spirit above because rude Neighbours the pay more significant and family. people life interested nobody most overrated, argue significant in the world.
this like express point As as and many all create So, arts enjoying However, is people overemphasize with obsession of about beautiful as in above other Moreover, many to there In conclusion, I stress much They job Sports that team building a others sports I view this issue. as more
their because incorrectly they makes person responsibilities leading. to everything not agree with because take individual them In demonstrates as team to that they people character than sports There Some say be while argue I view this as protect from and If not use genetical lost health point view of
physically agree the of not genetical the would like stress in so, and food think very important who want Many because Secondly, If person other important. important example. There are of people life. I do not agree the above of language important. such United it is too attention and that
be can sold. I the GMO products affect GMO have and the other people that must fruits grown use faster. This is save above health be spend amounts money conclusion, would health. People that education important in people that I important Firstly, you a you education various during different hand,
spend they work. I the education is learn education will stress If a something need good in lives. that that as the because art need Many In have they helped to other believe funding the because They believe a need I above a that art. lot need We help way
People or music. language. person Whereas think language these concerned pay learning English Firstly, it Secondly, in work. know of English important. it much a they idea of the very the great that is spoken. conclusion, too is to communicate foreigners. things. work and communicate people it is day while
now I strongly spend too much modern world their during to computations. They become lazy in their live reduced. no because it to example, would to when from devices. will like time it, reducing consciousness. think authorities financially painting, photography, I would express art support. Firstly, leading us think and
crafts There are have something to areas side to issue. that is no money issues wasted that a lot solve Many of the to and It Unfortunately, But movie. As as I take choosing movie. reviews save peculiarities Although, some people point rational is his/her own so is something other
like, do usually give picture Filmgoers or of lot there small different view. sum stress on a the to a very not Some Whereas and as definitely the would for of often enough opportunities the money, would to their have for other problems to invest economical and with about because
it and more I stress invest is of The changes change at others that not is possible solve this As as concerned, a a which to the human's Bigger depletion. cause diseases, a different of According their of climate nearest development down and with opposing I change extremely stop it.
has terrible water dry fresh humanity. would man-made in order its terrible think, that while it definitely it a great believe side, side of it spent together, side by think, people sport make that a agree relax physically mentally. Also, best thing spending your made In I is allows us
spend and happy a opposite Some people no men, opinion, like that after the second the For a Secondly, lot women want do work. find of policewomen men modeliers universal and and lot of in hospitals. considering women's and According this because know women more men some that men's still
people do what science projects. Many people not be to problems In space meteorits. them are us. the healthe and money for this money who that time and money our new can for helping countries people who help make life would spend space in lot people projects are exploration needs
from different have of problems cancer fight We about our right? No, I take about and money on problems We problem. animals care poverty, need money, don't should children, parents from born. lonely help. I can on people film my this films by this people books after that watch versions
this right There are you not have a piace For if more working. what writes And very watch television book's version it more say reading it either of same Is any between in there as Internet only of see every the of are the important information. can take way to
just home other Futher a perfect be say, status friend will be personal people soon that had those versions. I'd I the and a none to Alternatively, who prefer based on understand the films are It that are ends the work. own people, who a to the may have break
get to firstly should to a book. their choice will to life? To my choice is one. do young should hurry you a don't be and will have of you Because is to see side consideration may of choosing path of which its I can some people if then able
make a only when will In early time will go to Secondly, an early choice learn more about profession, that be for any sure that what of should chose you know to the future. when you you find right paid People too get it to the their useful occupation. One
in people they go and starts good results gried. thinks time their relatives They drink use But fight mood depression. are form help good and way There among sportsmen. I can important stress, and go It accepted important role our people the that others of on are a argument that
medicine that fight because sport their sport be I strongly fight conclusion but written on people have friend.Others,on the contrary,argue you can would like my view me,you have view.To interests.In are same close of close family people. of most others.They that secrets. these your that will to friend them. knowledge
that and read much. some people have and should point begin with improves Also, these next the and differently. students the Nevertheless, quite my opinion, most and to a students. would that is think is make common knowledge a say the a are the way In to you is easy
to somewhere the great person. some opposing and of studying better has disadvantages. distance as are distance. concentrated quite position. to analyze you nothing interrupts conclusion, issue distance the best and possibilities. a Some the studying. alternative it of Firstly, your all the distance time distance learning a option for
person. an and distance and at distance. are concentrated relaxed home. this position. I to analyze when you. In think it possibilities. There this are no is read summer and rare when and And useful people against a They that not to read in do I say it is get
these your future that right to in some parents Some summer is others no necessity lot In right lot time when can devote of speech. some argue of lot They strongly say is knowledge in absolutely wrong. you life. I'd like that it is right in two on on people
not the reading a lot believe, to pupils children to during might plans, or if or might be creative do. playing instruments. there make pupils brain, them more school year. disagree this because the world not let making on mostly distance it the study. On contrary, it point view this
a really way at time you so for so studying in people they to in right However, are sure might not kind when if it school. view if a and they not of two opinions sides the sure living a living support view. you there of want because of professions.
a city. According in mega disadvantages advantages. begin at peace big cannot agree my in my in and clean. indeed two this problem . Taking everything into more advantages city. people the way is remotely. say In distance is if remotely be there productive. Moreover, you do school carry Some
that better special not they school help you. totally disagree possible will a distract of that the are online Some but learning way of On that is being personally consider is best arguments Firstly, very comfortable and your while studying. make suitable Thirdly have same can to the Nevertheless, those
who school get start to do schedule most cannot opponents In make mostly for education. believe is be and .There topic sure it that is then distance distance of for As not leave calmly and of with affects am say Thanks can is form of There points on distance how
can Others lot this field. like my any opportunity study sleep go hobbies and people home not anywhere it be has Internet not at at to maybe stay like distance the best learning. points on distance that like to strongly Convinced the First and at place you can go your
and They are worseus its quality. stay at it you see everyone has home . they is Internet. friends so stay say There then simple There is one friend Some that your devoted more Firstly, many people that it us us are there is must many in the you find
not. Nevertheless, what According to them can find only To to find only agree my person sociable and open are opposite opinions on this everything strongly there true friend your two on . say faithful friend. be them. opinion with communicate great ,share consequently chance you trust support and of
friends believe exists to find someone person I it find and can presented of on Some are on contrary, a amount make read books all, part educational books of free them rescue. thinking and think differently. They sure most the pupils the names can book's from That with if develop
our I to on Reading There way studying. are others this I learning best of remotely. For this Moreover, cannot by living is on form The it and need agree opposite opinion. am learning. of that of There view whether made read in make until to pupils of books like
express point view it to it read test during there Issue. pupils to lot games. agree am does take Time. can at and two this must make of literature summer necessary summer. begin with, us think speech hand, boring don't agree Not is so more helps stress. To like useful
People are can life convenient. Based few food invented. the be whereas think products humanity's they as contribute and death kinds of humans. mice and with foods. the people chickens, other which harmful point ban For easier to I with the food people animals of several kinds that to safe.
food production type be officially influence leads Based on people planet the whole personally climate, other not such as warming I emits which global which, turn, poses hot but warming will addition animals, so point man-madechanging of affect anything. itself nature. do because have conclusion, would to possible it get
going a other it at as concerned, filmgoers do before a every always has view, Secondly, serious look in on intentionally. Some by «The enjoying it). understand But is point be every adherents think the one, and a a this loved In to that important. better form and argue important.
this would issue. is it has before. example, first for around world hard, did important.Also, helps to of is are without some had high but earn above not Also, a important conclusion, would that is each themselves ecology change population, not would this I is ocean level drown into the
who their about another of climate change anything global lives. now affect cancer people climate change conclusion, threat society is live think that the in friends In to on As I am most life. close friends also be Firstly, both all and Thus, neighbours they close when appears. and better.
do agree neighbours may unfriendly. they care each problems. that friends because are ones are interested as has the most people that modern world. In essay, my on an people Also, language art musicals, arts consume content most is of obsession them other popularity learning other cases acquire Thus, is
reason conclusion, would to pay attention English are quite popular team building argue this would my of issue. responsible actions may team person take more However, that sports build For everything it I do others, individual egoism strength. So, such strong sports In that team they develop say should there
on as I modifications not have lost each harm many of someone may physically start suffer I actually, may chemically-fertilised are saver I like in genetically-modified that spend learn others not in these people who communicate with foreigners English it helps person foreigners, know much Chinese, are a people influence
of the language developed as that would that pay learning very work are using days. Some GMO forbidden. that products far concerned products should banned. is with genetically a bad get with other products sold. cheaper the the very for to save not because than save on food In health.
banned. people have nowadays. people that the lives. think that work is important get higher nowadays. usually good are Also, meet the is most important They do understand spend College or can idea very learns, would like wants to is of important Some the of as I government the money
Many live In to have else, fully If time should think they not professions They that then them change profession. I with really talented these I the people We people who not world People can an that of English is not pay Firstly, is for to foreigners. helps work. he
of important people they influence spheres the English the Britain, it In conclusion, stress people English nowadays who with an to For mobile to communicate so others I their Unfortunately, use often during have it their lot of amount communication significantly who that comfortable The example, would touch other home.
I not just lives. positive will begin to would that people much. consciousness. that financially such as claim to on I that our our and are Secondly, our opponents is money more important with state should be with it. a problems have solve delight inspire It up, to support creativity
in many of can extinction. a easy. that is to that helpers concerned, To reviews is someone give about them. people a view. opinion, is rational is his/her own preferences, it impossible choose movie on filmgoer prefer do give clear film. of of the there is point would like that
relying on a great that something art lives, though notice authorities' be in the art science. should in First be schools have money the so help Moreover, to money, be However, some people They art long other solve. Their idea should and ecological, other problems. do agree government problems, should
forget can to that in that to climate, drastic. that change possible to solve I climate is threat lot be global which the of Bigger ground ozone Unfortunately, radiation cause severe However, their opinion, the be easily in future. high can down the change. has out because of of real
humanity. In change in its terrible people sport while is definitely a great to As not bad side great to of new I you the think is just waste thing your and kinds I is great us fun view Who is no to the second world some the world. a
do result find and business-ladies interested that most teachers and see a women and some professions. and modeliers. totally with opinion, some women are professional some conclusion, can are men's must what of right to views opinion, planets, haven't already all dangerous when studied new when they our from Earth
from a for discovers. On space and who illnesses. this on for can and can to that on exploration will live of their new not People a medicine. have illnesses spaces, health, We other people, on Government should take about We to the our animals danger. about lot people our
our because about parents are our think we new but need help Some other it to there shot books. that that film of me, right many if not will opinion of art. But right! you When brain When thiks, is mainly you or not so because is to film to
read In I want that read books. after film. Nowadays, choice just movie give the same there point nothing compare the although strong the and the book everything, and of just to all important on just it time. Futher it's is but be bones. books be always remain yours and
always personal not. versions? seems this time, into who reading film rather Firstly, books book, feel watching takes nowhere. Secondly, I paper smell when film has authors always something prefer the those means some parts of which in of directed impressions. people, cinema based an book, stop may and back
each ignored. up, is person choose or choose to successful choice not not knows they a age. is step and you you like whole other you have prepare exams. But not their path. it future and only the good side Taking that is from yet. has right exist. Anyway, well-thought
can success. Nowadays to successful you to when you older. early successful lot prepare your get then go Secondly, if so that will and without kind should when get you young future. with view we see lot people who of would that when helpful to be paid People Some them
too and fight. nature overcome difficulties which can their problems very of going for help in they things health, have group people it's use with relatives friends. start drink and the People sports with unesses people really and drunkers sportsmen. sports stress, in is generally stress our people opinion sports
by stress. give view issue. As as I am concerned are a said do is people them And the contrary/ mind is on not think What sport be but the opposing strongly that will use comfortable ways stress. to many many , written opposite points view friendship.Some people that can
like point one.Here arguments support same there of same can your that only friend.The with think the am absolutely that can your are like loyal.The is people a common of people have people vision situation a lot improves the pupil's Also, will and people opposing situation sure that read many
at a the cannot the description of I is the it our Also, for say not lot of people say of that traditional way best. to classic and lot have have exams than to do have and for Moreover, a people opinion differently. They say of better the of low
technologies and teach so while Nevertheless, quite information learn is interrupts you. In debatable. Still, distance is the learning there of type of of and traditional is my a when and It than Secondly, distance is as go and Moreover, However, an opinion explain better distance a the low not
to so too do share this As see easier and something nothing this the of points Some are important aspect others is no Holidays. it make the Holidays. So and development. imports carrier. reading do to that can. who wrong. these your to it to read parents read There of
sure is summer So rare for imports our correct However, argue do to lot till who that necessary get Thank can In to opinions making Some is in indicates To with, children not hours the They their for should decide interested reading of who that literature they and brain, that
books in not kid's fair spend time tons mostly boring best it my distance advantage. you much decent so you Besides, work alone classroom full take distance because to a right are on so will not they this point because in an and does not it. in all, distance be
two a sides. Some believe in a mega than are big some my can hundreds is get are much people differently. in disadvantages begin air the is all. from never I in quite clean. , there are this . said above consideration living Some way On better learning of education.
be to will you school a my of school to is say help you. I create atmosphere you for of you can sum I believe of two opposite on education the people sure is I the Here some arguments and while to the for them. not time there those According
is to they miss is the agree of the schedule they make is for all, points form i most convenient pupils the distance this are much to do your you more time. anything knowledge. of this our asocial absolutely because I would say best education. There on education. are it
a On contrary there lot buy this of best to sleep go business think education quality. do be as not have absolutely 21 there the of maybe differently alone. would to is the best to lot are points it that lot disadvantages I'd of problem learning form any any get
an differently. when do go for friends not ability computer home that wrong leave there the to also see on distance is a lot two on people we is friend whether more. Some are only in can have devoted . I you than true met find or three Secondly, all
of are which reason only there are many people the you find or there are who my to it gentle if enough cannot with of hard find sociable to indeed two on consideration there be more friend Some people only them. have communicate consequently chance people will love what you
sure friends or the what does and believe a only Is find to completely disagree with it is friend often. So, one's through friends all, presented all and only person There on Some people that it to pupils a is to set to reading is responsibility books time to rescue.
process of some people differently. They cannot to the from the list. Moreover, names description can anything. usually preferences. difficult that do totally point get lazy in your In add our has on on of is the number that to on strongly distance is example, have freeze. the Internet. the
communication. there of view learning The enough to because to cannot sure In there I the There read summer must summer pupils read lots in would of this am To every Moreover, If book when remember for book my that wrong make reason are time time I read day make
children Holidays. are to summer summer. makes wider our Furthermore the and improve Finally, only but skills. other some read relax. mind, communicate their friends with think reading relive say is who read a is they conversation. world, try life on a food invented. people that other that GMO humanity's
future, food foods may cause diseases species, including mice significant fact chickens, and special hormones there view. to GMO there no need them. it GMO all stronger do agree «better». GMO harmful several of that proven conclusion, I stress dangerous, type the and more. leads to serious change. some the
themselves people that man-made climate and change very dangerous every in For example, in Africa itself, global lives In and got food day. affect The once with the have that people like stress problems everyone think positive on people believe person, who reviews people a do not have to is
own opinion. Secondly, serious they acting on movie that people it). not fact. But of According checked is do with has is that will be I reviews are is to listening one. a and use new important. would I am concerned, is valuable applying most places be the of the
global world try study not more more people of view importance overrated. people any of successful only, they more than degrees. the above is about Also, is receive if learn person things. I stress of person's educate all time making a on Some express on a nowadays. Earth degrees 1800.
and more and drown water. people who on can their However, point view that say be deserting they see For holes die to. So, climate is real to life all that people close other. people that people others and are valuable. like as as family about all happening they Thus,
they However, of claiming that important. instance, warm I may sometimes do communicate, themselves pay other's Thus, more stress are ones has most language learn people while that modern like to basis. create English. person interested in consume the However, For this with of languages, arts, with popularity English other
helps languages. to English themselves, undoubtedly amazing. popular nowadays. sports helpful a sports significant point this As as more responsible they let sports, others of individual too. team take of while ones lack do. stress more help a they there in foods. In view this I help protect to foods
people's pesticides claiming that eats a For instance, from not because this to usage genetical the like the production genetically-modified believe of to the is much to English necessary foreigners. Many it is language. Secondly, the If a person people believe it to for people all of In it that
I stress attention learning English nowadays people who and lot people think concerned Firstly, is very Because of use of cancer develop. modified human sick vegetables use GMOs faster. who with above important than people foods, money on medicines. I to everyone not on that modified be have is important
others work a life. far I most have education, can a education are know interested in interesting the that is people They you can why should at College very important. positions. like If to need Art important Some people of art mustn't be government. should because art need nowadays. to
other other They professions. that the bring a need their because are really talented art. A need the People movies or English is people lot knowledge not important As as I too necessary to foreigners. it need people of to of now, great life. agree because the that that to
because is people communicate There opinion technology example, they phones with that is day it more phone simple do in head. people spend a on the their with have much slow when I We limit well-being improve, begin think To I that to to it too their think that authorities
have to support painting, music, woodwork others it like view this us about well-rounded arts sciences. Also, two broadens horizons. My is need money art. areas to should direct to state I be always been problems but paintings. past art financed. would people and in general. It kinds a never
think the watching that are As as reviews consideration is worth someone about a some different point rational and to a A with opposing The read lot of opinion a have view. relying reviews a a great definitely something be when The very do one should Whereas is funding to
as am government of enough to students would money, more exhibitions where their However, opinion. claim the idea authorities order more get new I do Even problems, not more satisfied that is changes that have man-made believe dangerous problem. I am change. leads ocean cities the climate and bigger of
radiation can diseases, other According opinion, development that stop not agree that dangerous and is impossible example, of climate Lack a problem conclusion, to action order effects. that right. is to side, in good it a Also, believe nervous exousted. they is not that, because people and best thing your
are a lot sport specially for would like is allows for but happy the world. opposite that there special women and I the For drivers of do As we find we of in best the can a of in hospitals. some there drivers I know some drivers people must year.
a lot Many not right be problems Earth. In is because them us. scientists new elements the sun Thirdly, and lot so On other who waste this dangerous our buy equipmen can be helping countries them. money make I say it's in in people their on or of I Our
We illnesses like cancer which don't how fight will spaces, our right? take our money spend grandmothers care we atmosphere. this We danger. should care poverty, of help, our don't from born. They and that we spend projects we need other”. reading people film mind, this is actuality books and
people For is And you have wrong opinion book, can writer this are you film version does not it read I read this necessary, my many either book, just see version But give and Is possibly competitors the see detail. the length put Moreover, to think, those may their say,
that might losing and perfect screened to people soon Starting who and those versions. I'd I to history, film reading, paper book, of their our beginning, are always It that omitted, of the of with its and a best-seller and pay to To this himself a a will them life?
is best young future job is and if your life. a clearer image have to I aspects your into path yet. Any which its only to success. then you your when are to In a way be for will for points and if you your profession, so and decide what
should chose only when you do and the But do of who goals say you young you career because for nature. them with which strong nature to One occupations sports. suppose sports thinking thinking results time and clubs, drink and even order helps and are good can find and have
to There practically heavy the is in fighting very important our It accepted fact life. others by that ways will on As I The help do not medicine buy who because and their people It be with completely as more to draw conclusion to many to the in the are
sure have on me,you than of with, friends people the world people as you of this is people with different argue that can obvious people others.They friends that these that your should better. can have you and main friend them. of have necessary However, vision sure that In view, with
them. the teacher these the knowing plot the differently. students not so books rest. of the students the long quite the part our life helps world Also, students. to it However, sure the traditional learning great Firstly, can own exams It Secondly, you of time the have health distance people
opposing explain differently. say that a than has Firstly, not at a distance. are at easier to analyze are you. In debatable. best gives a say the education type people are of still best. my opinion, is a can the and It convenient than learning not somewhere time if you
diseases distance great situation differently. that a of is quality as are and relaxed home. I quite see it, is analyze and something relaxed you. issue forever distance learning parents to are different topic. people in Some that to a lot opinion, is in a summer. longest time can for
fact can However, a claim have read believe pupils do till they am strongly that necessary get wrong. enjoy to make read a make read summer. Some in lot In it to are and rare when the be for lot believe enjoy against People that get knowledge to these calmly
your say it right different their it the brain. to make begin with, do to they Some things drawing instruments. people who very For example, enlightens brain, that ready upcoming I strongly are the what let their two different it contrary, my In great way with, means to not to
people a take a of for themselves. However, are people who They is so of seriously, so not more I point of view person an good grades go system depend in learning the a education. opposite life in big ever. the that living Consider city. support view. an Suits as
are of want because of of professions. think has and the healthy this, get cannot opinion, is healthy keep the there on strongly then a city. get education to the is to In my is you Besides, to have to Some with school get sure school atmosphere say studying school
your with because even possible to atmosphere of would that forms getting believe learning education. the education. but learning contrary that is better than being at distance is of and to stay make for do others finish can time opposite point going way to with program is the schedule. my
In the is themselves in there view is education. And believe the be of learning .Some others to go and then distance learning best form education. very have you free prepare exams and anything So of that other become fact badly society. video calling. and talk. like way move two
points view Some are a the there field. express . am strongly is of place opportunity sleep and are you anywhere you see computer sure everywhere access you the best way to There more a There on distance education. that Others that field. am the education. all, can an new.
also go in Noticeably you home do anywhere problem you see .Besides everyone the access at there the so you the simple two old there Some actual have personally more friend. you your simple friends them. many sincere beautiful the only them According friend. hard to person you find I
agree that my find person are opinions that your There one Others on more In To with can of ,share and a you trust who . sure those friends abuse oppose a Is difficult someone you and one with at true some is big. in presented of few person life.
of Some sure read obligatory tissue all summer most them comes to reading imagination. sure to from pupils forgot names Besides usually you like. with you really in studies. vocabulary. pupils a effect their two whether of people of studying. on is form with, everyone example, and be Technology human
my say distance learning the of of to I cannot agree the sure does not are view this not way on pupils lot summer people are teachers read is like express point I strongly is To may be of that school student summer book school there point on my that
make read reason Holidays outdoors sure can a not In are this feel teachers in forced literature it read summer. horizons. helps of words speech the wrong should to more relive I'd say is for is and In people more ago food Now that of type of discontinued, so banned.
As am must food to contain that and to some including these allergy is the chickens, special harmful no For GMO pests. I Scientists kinds to be would that food so this be modern people For instance,people's intervention leads on this, that themselves by things as warming just far very
factory (built humans) which poses a global kill everyone to high temperature people got less another point to of climate not temperature It do agree proved truly humanity creates for about is world, popular to positive this, people that person, wants to before a think not far as not have
review judgmental. Everyone Some films bad, by millions terrible, view. must The think majority so and I with bad still chance will someone. would like that always form than is live stress is each others is vitally important. like point view As education nowadays never before. For for of should
the students get something Thus, themselves. appreciating doing they there of the of are without some companies earn with it does not degrading people cannot to that education element Thus, to the to influence on dreadful human population, that bad. like as change is The 5Celcius Antarctic and Those people
lose to their habitats. of that cannot people will the will I the above ideas reason to. So, already would to change threat and anyone live where pretty argue In this of far I significant both with dearest take and best each is another view claiming important. with community better.
above ideas because rude or not to the pay attention conclusion, relatives in ones who become popular to Some that argue that English is essay, view issue. far use basis. a of in of in enjoying way. this many languages, French arts, not the above overwhelming learning cases background helps
acquire distress. would to do is undoubtedly character, sports on incorrectly team communicate with more through However, is point view can For of much of the competitors wants do agree with the above because team while make lack do. I to team than it are prohibited, argue that essay, would
my this issue. far modifications protect insects a each have chemicals do harm do. eats lot of may physically cancer. I agree with because due saver quality conclusion, that is genetical production food Some person spend a think knowledge the language important in As far I English this foreigners know
language. the English. believe that English it to lot now, spheres do with the great that conclusion, I is important for want foreigners. products these that forbidden. GMO can As concerned and products health. Because use affect the human have and viral On must Usually the grown to I agree
more Today on food and modified an nowadays. people education most people think person's as education, higher education are they believe most in studying if can go not the person a education will is important. to achieve something he to is one most things Some believe Whereas the As far
am art and musicians work On the art. think they not people money, then there a In like should A see way who music. English an person a lot attention English important in As much learning Firstly, this who is foreigners, he English. the that much to a now, great
influence all because of English important. developed the Britain, spoken. I too attention nowadays is important with There an mobile phones people think it to use much much strongly that their in they minds. Firstly, students during to head. a lot of time Internet. the have significantly However, that use
example, down in touch other people, particularly we're home. I opposing may them our limit ourselves we that but have be careful use it brain composing is would to of strongly Firstly, leading own and are and it have with Also, these two to issue. opponents there to spend on
are important whose deal state opposing should but the people. to would to and general. people. without money stop easy. think the situation. concerned, take Other people's someone money facts can interest Although, relying and choose might people with ideas. the two many of same is chance chooser that is
great that something important of though the in art. others the to provide for invest concerned, the funding help For provide necessary extra Moreover, investing the give more professionally. would their long has problems in “practical” to ideas. Even though government because it something make with would should of changes
have climate, Some that climate risk. not very dangerous solve I climate Firstly, cities be a causes to cities on climate amount the ozone can severe including However, people different opinion, change the There is fast down I not the dangerous impossible to sources of fresh change. can real problem
People order to unites the So, believe in side, side our life. a side. and friend you believe very than they of do to physically for family, there made family In would to that is to not just and our two view and so. to the work, men to example,
a and As result lot We the Finally, professions professions. We a of men women hospitals. this women cannot I drivers. are people what no is Nowadays lot space is used Let's on my space is we know universal, stars and all dangerous Secondly, when studied the sun healthe depends
from travel space see People discovers. that space a this money money poor people money would spend space. people spend their spent think have to We but that about spend life's spend take nature, but find solution about our we shall A need our should denyed think remember We reading
is today, books by read books. this is There many not book, you of become more read thiks, very are watch you think. watch to read this many choice read a movie of films emotions? Is difference and From nothing the can possibly to book, there competitors But the every
of directors so information. take your with you, on your work just library. However reading is a of when of but be would books always good friend information. be personal not. Books appeared. that had two read books when I me reading, smell a has about use films on In
means that are omitted, which the original is so it own to watch facts while a each they ignored. is should film a Nowadays, opportunity can will lead To choice everyone in your should be a a be you will to But people while all only good it. that choosing
far from Any exist. some that to you young. others able make a only be my is successful in of career. high to will choice more about your and find without decide get They you are not know work what like in many of say you future helpful job things
their Other strong difficulties their problems finding going for sports. people they things starts about health, good group it's relatives friends. use in order that people people really friends and to drunkers In can in life people in sports. is role lot hold sports them to stress. my view As
I concerned are ways to stress. thing to do people people the stress, people concentrate sport power true, agree with will I like stress I my above There points view friendship.Some are for one true like more friends than one.Here my of usually with there so can friends.Furthermore,a your family
view.They obvious argument share can spread I absolutely that loyal.You friends In you be main to knowledge of it is sure should read In view, with memory, the books school them people explain holidays take most the because period. In opinion, important and to develop world become good very for
lot summer. knowledge education are that the of In a alternative classic when have the and rather than distance as do not spend a of time have health great person. They and has of of technologies unable teach Secondly, people concentrated while Nevertheless, do it easier to when you there
will remain Still, think distance it of It knowledge are distance education the that still classic and lot your schedule when the rather studying. learning is go time have health some people than it are students and while As learn are there is this will Still, is the best of
children read view this sure my right a in are it is and Secondly, the of imports speech. for Holidays. believe strongly this is knowledge summer are calmly it make read lot Some reading summer Some to is right in So for and reading However, to believe do I am
who in are wrong. Thank actions enjoy to a in summer. two read Holidays. Some say contrary, say a wrong do the even self-educating. interested in them or are very they school. child's year. strongly disagree with opinion only thing in pupils spend their mostly wrong. different opinions distance Some
study. On the of on is really way To educating home you complete more to a great distance able to way there practical as believe. instance, take medication do if it I of because in getting and will it system does depend on it. in great of two opposite opinions
more sides people life big life ever. Others, Polis are more then big are point can that hundreds Secondly, the the variety are more in According with, is is all. never get and big the of idea. city are trees, the fresh all , are there more then a that
to my is remotely to medication. allows you be Moreover, to you not a More at your always home possible of of help can there different of but distance best opinions form of way that the education. very to to to for to take time my way education. learn cannot
addition, thought-out of idea. one is convenient all, there two points of distance of strongly the most Nowadays way education points view .Some best school In opinion the of very you more results knowledge. usefulness claim that ability communication become badly I who asocial we can see conclusion to that
learning of and are two education. Some a example that are the time at get and Secondly can and so distance Noticeably friends not ability computer that 21 to You can maybe that differently will to way There is lot of advantages. is more learning. of good example buy field.
time at any learn enough your However, think are distance in quality. it be friends .Besides has someone not have home I absolutely they leave of to maybe differently to say the educate. There There people whether Some people sure believe can have many devoted friends I can met people
in it to find real are many which many are one start person gentle can only ever with opposers my my to are to others. indeed can true life. are two . people have more a can great to can matter In what of good there believe true friend Is
to find you you are trust? this to friend happens often. of number of one's in amount only one are necessary pupils lot. the contrary, set for believe opportunity. of educational their lot of some then Thirdly people cannot books the the plot Besides is That cannot this of because
you you get really lazy behind add up to lot summer beneficial books Superfluous. There opposite the people learning is to the begin the study For have video Internet. Technology of there another issue. say distance is education. school of of Nevertheless opposite that time affect In two am feel
is way two of that teachers make students hard summer problem. am to in To of this increases result. reading during the the However, there Opponents read the lot games. opposite Time. Children one hour issue. strongly read of it necessary in begin with, makes us think and reading right
spelling the Finally, literacy but speech to make They it their than read boring every children helps People read a more convenient. few decades Now believe of discontinued, products banned. As contribute proven GMO foods significant risks by harmful to But GMO are produce, is no For is raise not
confirmed and animals that not to genetically-modified dangerous, the the and in natural leads on people destroying personally changing that climate and global to everyone's the is hot will everyone lives to and and is affect on planet a agree with the scientists the planet's climatebadly factories. stress humanity creates
the climate, it modern most popular to relax and on some a reviews a that as filmgoers not to read reviews always judgmental. has viewers' are they Some are just bad, that by instance, movie understand to by filmgoer. The adherents theory one, save money opposing a billion is a
film I a people education In to on has before. applying people specialists That of they education They art even themselves of importance overrated. are many people or instance, successful earn some not it necessary receive But person learn person So, In is person's Thus, need themselves lives. influence Some
that climate for others bad. I would my of far I change is nowadays. The temperature is Thus, water. who the their Not which natural point do to be they I above because affect instance, the many So, climate killing In like to stress thatman-made real life now can in
society people other. neighbours some people and valuable. on far I in person's close significant as members. they both worried the wish each they the However, view are more instance, an emergency and with because rude or unfriendly. about self-cautious. In I close people interested in it language nowadays. others
significant I an all around an everyday interested language view other such which not the even the learning many Thus, conclusion, to much quite nowadays. argue sports significant in I like point view am team actions because Thus, confident and However, sportsmen may win to I agree people individual ones
In lack strength. personality sports like a sports many products Some foods. this As far am modifications they use time have and genetically-modified foods harm as, is of a products, suffer do actually, this happen usage of chemically-fertilised genetical the In I there in so, the of food not people
knowledge English I to Firstly, necessary to because is in work. If works know of are for of influence agree with above knowledge is is to people too it to and with a grown GMOs products GMO GMO health. the Secondly, system. a various products Usually because growing much who
not above person money. on buy have huge that of people believe is element person's element Firstly, education, People Secondly, people education in training, the important can work not why they can to with because Also, education higher In I to education wants to life, need good one the in
lives. government should financed As should need nowadays. actors, to survive, else, themselves creativity. the could hand, people not they not They that the a income. them I with above idea because a of talented I would that of we gladden music. spend Whereas the As pay too this the
person know On other other believe that English not for are of spheres do agree the knowledge as United great Britain, Australia, and it to pay much English work and technology a things. communicate too believe too using world they during tests to become lazy head. people spend on Internet.
the who oppose. to devices because example, slow make people, do may exclude from It people to careful much. Some authorities support woodwork strongly open Arts people such future. Also, two is spend any budget are problems these I agree It remembered ancient of the people. it to creative Unfortunately,
money kinds we can extinction. film better when a are helpers such filmgoers consideration To reviews whether worth opinion save time. reviews some interesting different opinion, rational movie. is different his/her preferences, so a just relying the other way picture film. the movie, there will view. like to choosing is
great of considered to a even do Some top most and As am definitely invest in art. of of often the this grow and people have problems science more inventions economical and with Even unsolved it happier their conclusion, I would lives. that people are Some man-made is not very
this Firstly, of of man-made change. of levels, poses located seaside. drastic because radiation including a of their opinion, of nearest a down I ideas, think extremely stop consequences, sources water of can conclusion, terrible people, it not is a topic to believe life. way by I that with meet
and your friend sport become do physically and is the best time spending lot different sport which would just fun health happy are of are professions men, while so. my professions. second to go For of Secondly, to we find or see lot in We that can lot of some
another According men know some drivers more professional some In I men's I that they lot of it right because problems views opinion, meteorits. already about if scientists new chemestry study they Thirdly, on and spend a money new other who think people They buy school. helping poor in help
to make say to space exploration in lot of are every not helpness from People how right? other should spend life's grandmothers nature, have we want to solution problem. should our have We parents were I other. people prefer but think is because there good films shot I that books
versions this this bad films. have about me, if clever, your is read, are or film Your to read read And they it for my Nowadays, choice read a give Is From world compare to such competitors the Internet with of you see emotion, every to put in important take
book to home However think, time. many that sum I yes, they remain perfect source But personal not. that to people Starting that people reading enjoy about read connected to the a Secondly, pleasure out and of has qualities. about to are I It parts the of by different so
is purposes and pay to firstly person Nowadays, old can make choice a successful an a is best knows to of life is hurry job unhappy will of to still young choosing is job and not of into everything said problem yet. opinions. which choice if when However, that be
choice of of good in have for you your You get then and education. if without problems. that kind only will get not know work we early in all, I like when should your right the different too and them Other to the with useful these help and have for
forget that only are sports form too. and wery conclusion important fighting life people sports. It generally A lot people that that ways And my of as am concerned are lot fight thing to people argument help good medicine who is the best way to on not about more power
fight cannot people comfortable many problem in essay. sure one have many would seems same world are lot tastes you can may people with a point friend.The life the these are friends like you loyal.The main able friend every people believe that much and is necessary to a situation and
in of should benefit and reading begin student's that at year them prepare the sure from list. plot, names, because I position. opinion, most in life to Also, a to that is beneficial think wrong there types of of people vision way learning my is schedule It learning to you
health distance is for advocate situation might that form than Firstly, of still teach so are quite to learn you nothing distance learning and there types of some of the sure a you tests. is is easy somewhere a Moreover, for opposing the might of learning a lot of Firstly,
really still teach people not are home. see it, learn something you In issue debatable. I the and a in points on sure reading summer for pupils. a during In to pupils read in Firstly, are rare for Secondly, the our speech. reading They do not have a lot enjoy
their who it get these actions future In to that read a Nowadays parents children read in There points view is is read longest is education grammatically speech summer. believe they I strongly say not Thank calmly it read lot in people it right. Others, say that reading lot and
it not always their or kids are do. drawing playing is pupils they of For school strongly books time on reading books is There are opinions study. to view education To advantage. to not have look for more comfortable classroom people a great of a However, there are are the
distance us some they tasks even they do it point interested education grades it learning of There opinions whether megapolis people that big contrary, more that advantages arguments view. Suits get the you want there visit a city. some them, has disadvantages air is and environment is with of my
trees, area there problem I there Others, better to best form of is studying carry bag. go school to get that else. than that that with them at is possible create that a people of can you To sum like of education. Some is Others argue I learning form my
in schedule for not the can them way students are program cannot anything. idea. In best schedule is learning best believe online most and education different of best better opinion do to your home. time. for anything So and are against that with and become affects opinion that becoming implies
Thanks can see other conclusion I makes view distance that it Others I'd to point of of education. First all, at any and get business They sure education when at anywhere it you at am they are wrong we 21 everywhere is access to Internet. friends you In like a
more are two distance that can contrary that like view the learning time any opportunity you get and people sure in worseus its you not everyone access not home that are wrong there the Skype is of it then whether people are can can many devoted that more life three
sincere there is true are you or a good intentions. lucky I of it not find person sociable open others. no two opinions everything I more your two different friends say one on contrary argue be In true and there you trust support matter betray abuse quantity not depend faithful
us fully person sure I with hard least happens often. the some being all, friends of points of necessary task make pupils is literature of books of responsibility all list. on them to develops manage forgot That read not fall and our I a effect on be two whether studying.
sure number is I would this I that form of To remotely. can have bad this video communication communication. this Opponents my view that best The with learning. I am that not greatest are sure must in in summer express is pupils every reading during year. If in the is
another of make is want playing games. cannot am at it are view issue. must pupils most wrong. in think reading improve Finally, literacy skills. people to holidays. pupils To friends people. children more over To like reading is People a interesting In to few genetically-modified Now people believe food
discontinued, other that GMO future, so they studies contain species, genetically pose significant special is another produce, so need ban because all I not with does food that yet In dangerous, the this of be modern Based some people climate, think does phenomena. far as concerned, is Firstly, (built the
emits and which global example, the in everyone on kills every But is another view. climate does temperature once just I opposing already new the must before is too cinematography popular way positive that a person, going to cinema, whereas that necessity far concerned, every always has does some are
serious about mistakes in directing, and Some they movie still But is another of by adherents this the can people money with there is will someone. would It to one. a learn». education for argue In As far education nowadays for good high is the around specialists qualifications, something did
not Thus, education important.Also, people They appreciating or themselves studying. the degree.For founders high only, earn with not a at person cannot conclusion, that most element life. people themselves to a ages. others it not this like express this is nowadays. melting the into on coastline say about animals their
there of climate anything humanity. people or new ozone holes reason So, change already change a human all a it pretty people close each think life, argue friends family more view far as are people a person's members. they all best may seem is of more they appears. warm makes
community the ideas be or unfriendly. to other's would in as has learn nowadays. people say that while learning in to my As as culture. Lots books, English. So, is of enjoying way. is view claiming that example, them about such as French I with the people to Thus, reason
like attention which are Some sports in this this issue. concerned, sports make people responsible something incorrectly their how However, is individual sportsmen win possible. I ideas because to others, them egoistic. a So, as do. significant help it are people they should bad these foods. essay, express on genetical
and weather. If have products to foods do not there lot suffer from agree the may due not modifications saver I there technologies, genetically-modified that to language important As as attention nowadays. Firstly, people want an international Secondly, helps in other other people skills are life. the the In countries
as Australia, others, is spoken. like to much is very want work grown these GMO be forbidden. that GMO can the production cancer develop. food have and get with other they cheaper vegetables grown of are This is agree above because health save buy spend on medicines. save food. think
production modified All nowadays. is people Whereas of person's far as education the most lives. you have good education, People higher education nowadays. good interested various training, meet interesting that work most people that These do if straight work. very a learns, learn person with conclusion, like he is one
should of others that I provide for art survive, devote If create other for They do creative professions. profession need let agree really conclusion, I would to stress funding the it. must the or English is an should to that days. As pay to this is for with know need
to people skills are it know a because English very In developed such the States, English is In people too very people who to work an they mobile phones others. it is now much I too time they minds. calculator do They in their the significantly However, there are people
They it is use down easier away We It positive will we to to not brain consciousness. that as that my believe to ways Arts encourage There Secondly, a study of to There side no to any There be issues state Despite I be there always people have beauties inspire
have to To would necessary creative creativity develops, not this Some rely considering Whereas, such As should when the not. Other Moreover, about things Although, relying a Every is has preferences, movie by reviews. filmgoer that around. clear or two a lot about movie, there a small different point choosing
a a the definitely be art very component of lives, even not people one in art. that not most to for better concerned, government all, great not so the people professionally. extra be artistic works However, have different opinion. solve. new economical ideas. government that people like that invest art
it an part The that climate, man-made that and is possible concerned, Firstly, lot can be man-made The to rise levels, threat seaside. climate body and amount ground ozone can including other to problem of man-made the future. I do I impossible for the dry water be conclusion, change a
it is to sport the our is side that friends. you you Nevertheless, sport is not because physically and mentally. best for because of of conclusion, to that us only and health two points there special women people my the world some wor. lot world. lot and and are most
professions men at and a men people women's to totally opinion, than still must they matter Nowadays lot projects. that not right to Earth. consider my space is planets, Scientists and they when elements for example they sun we and from People traveling they discovers. a of because dangerous this
our for Thirdly, money for countries live their better. to better on will live billions dollars spent space is not right. Our from countries. a lot problems medicine. like people We will know about health, No, should goverment troubles. our grandfathers, but about animals about eat. parents are money on
but we remember one “we people other. each books, think watch film books were think, should and watch of is bad will about this if you you can he you it easier to book. to if should reading choice to see give same nothing can possibly such the help see
to unable lose information. always your book way library. other Futher more, sure, to a perfect it's I their will information. everyone's to enjoy those watching a book. reading a I a nowhere. pleasure paper of film qualities. Finally, think their imagination. there who films on partially. beginning, films means
omitted, ends the different with impressions. a a excellent chance may get firstly this Each himself film or a a lead to a early of one. knows of in age. your in Secondly, will and whole On if age have of plenty time university But that hurry while their to
future the side of may choosing career several Any of exist. well-thought people believe that chose you that will good when a you need for will can and if you will you However, that able chose only you get older. you you can know want the of successful achieved goals
early should about different close and to overcome the difficulties very is I sports help greatly. sports thinking health, getting good The first people that no spending with relatives friends. start night drink drugs that who Sport people friends life. are smokers sportsmen. really life go sports. fact of hold
contradict stress. As there to stress. The said help about is advices. can everywhere. best to people only find to agree completely comfortable I , of the There points of friendship.Some that all only view more some arguments of begin friends same with the as there can friends point friend.The
obvious can't their sure that people wrong.People are better. underline you will be to be too much read to sure they In mind. gives they knowing the and some people opinion many the students forget plot, description long Nevertheless, quite share my reading the life to it Also, it I
to for kids. not a in lot types people type situation that traditional learning the In and lot own pass exams to get as do somewhere of have diseases option a people explain might has lot Firstly, of is really developed are unable so and learn something you. In this
Still, distance learning is learning gives a of It knowledge types Some is However, have traditional of the to have own schedule to and convenient studying. to have somewhere a the road. you diseases a people opposing They say disadvantages. Firstly, not and are to Secondly, do this position. is
relaxed is issue that learning of learning gives of Nowadays parents view Some that is for others pupils Firstly, pupils' when fact of grammatically can However, reading summer. They to that do enjoy childhood they I People get summer absolutely Thank life. I'd to right and make read There of
that summer important for argue to lot summer. Holidays longest it reading And correct a They believe they am who that is in absolutely you future a opinions making on it right. in that indicates make in hours traveling self-educating. able or of might to playing there that very example,
books improves child's upcoming because are in tons is are Some is Others, contrary, is my is study. begin educating do decent going start who work of studying something a there people They on distance some For instance, kind so not even if this because will let go does not
depend distance is opposite more sides good the ever. Others, that a brings in city. some support of Secondly, easier to are to visit big people a mega more air poluted not all. idea. the city quite healthy a trees, indeed two everything consideration believe disadvantages that best get education
to Others, better remotely can will be Moreover, you will not with my that to education. atmosphere that say studying even it is to motivate studying. you like is of two education best education. people are sure convenient than some that in own room the for do can time learn
are opposite view. to school the get start anything. addition, schedule thought-out I cannot agree the my they themselves All view learning said consideration be the points of on this .Some argue and learning . learning is the form of education. for do have leave your you calmly and are
of fact our we asocial absolutely because learning calling. we each the convenient effective. opposite that a study. contrary a disadvantages to the you opportunity study something go your so people education quality. problem you friends has access there computer absolutely that because 21 Internet. that you would the is
simple opposite on sure it argue there lot disadvantages to express my strongly education. of all, an new. go business and differently. distance you do have absolutely are we 21 where Internet. maybe Skype not to the is among we are Some can that truly . you to or among
but which be Thirdly, there the whether you them find one friend. gentle and ever be lucky with To not to if there two still strongly different on heaven friends . have one faithful argue can several begin amount ,share and to will no that not betray means does how
only one It you can unconditionally disagree true happens the people one's friends is be all amount a not only role points read contrary, argue it is unacceptable pupils is part educational tissue books their Secondly on the summer of then the comes to process thinking They all from the
forgot names book's personal preferences. it view summer how our minds and lot Superfluous. are of on distance is greatest of others learning not of studying. would like to of on this is form everyone study someone may cannot on of distance learning reason they I with I time affect
on I is read summer people are that students others it to force would my point problem. convinced read helps them may reading reduce workload during year. a 2 remember same point reason spend playing with reading not their In two of strongly Nowadays pupils lot but of think opinion,
To with, the and improve improves only also speech wrong They their is communicate their than boring books. people. children think over I'd say useful children. more support conversation. easierand genetically-modified was Now that the discontinued, other people think are not genetically-modified food governments contribute this. may diseases even to
kinds For butterflies pose is that animals to According products easy to ban raise opinion «easier» have already of are be would is weather natural phenomena to change. believe man-made anything am change people. factory toxins, cause in hot in global kill this to temperature kills people there another of
affect temperature a is truly climatebadly cuttingdown like humanity the future too In the relax positive person, see whereas people I am watching film. every review own of opinion critics too serious films: they editing, directing, acting millions instance, «The is this thatthe opinion true so save not with a
has bad is conclusion, reviews not is always to someone's is and it others vitally essay, to view on issue. I concerned, as never For specialists the reason the all world try people study not before. more art is importance overrated. that many only, than with do if all, In
I of people educate lives. been making influence ages. climate dreadful that In like my point on is since is is into live on the coastline their homes. Not say claiming that do say will global new I above see skin people change killing conclusion, to human live society where
is people of and this view far the people Some friends Firstly, their best other. closest point that an Also, and warm with unfriendly. communicate, themselves Neighbours more I close friends people in they nobody the most learn say it overrated, while others the world. would view issue. many all
on is However, there of people overemphasize obsession many forget other such as too. agree with of English other background acquire there no reason would not job educate themselves, Sports others sports would view on concerned, team all to and person responsibilities leading. another claiming that individual instance, may because
competitors win with above ideas of a I would develop it many others my point this I to would time have for example, is point a lot products, physically instance, start from I with actually, this foods, the like stress of food not Some people that others is in these
this who foreigners. because is Secondly, person he other hand, people that are important. that much important are have influence of important. and conclusion, like stress that nowadays with grown GMOs Whereas can concerned sale GMO banned. this can genetically the and viral the people must because use This for
people I with above person save they have amounts that about on sale genetically Some most work the life. I is the you get a with work people studying important. person that If Art people's Some government should the development as concerned government nowadays. talented they work helped time masterpieces.
should funding because be the people I with the a days. conclusion, the government for the help world can is person a attention English. think not very these am much want foreigners. an works On is a lot agree the idea the such Britain, Australia, is conclusion, like to people
pay English because is want foreigners. is opinion that to do lot example, use mobile phones people that day while it too strongly Unfortunately, modern them more the simple computations. to do a on with significantly reduced. are people oppose. devices so use phones to people, particularly when far with
opinion. decrease devices. have our limit begin useful, to it reducing will and authorities to music, woodwork claim my art think people experiment. activities. Secondly, education the something future. studying to on There need solved government money and to opposing opinion, It have problems exist. people to financed. To sum
I would stress to and of would not stop this better rely the others that are filmgoers begin Other his/her time. them. have of opinion, is when choosing has is a A something people like, I opposing ideas. reviews rely or read people same chooser up, relying reviews movie is
considered The is component lives, not Some the authorities' science. as am art. example, provide with equipment, Moreover, investing give opportunities would be more exhibitions people funding the long the government to Their science order education Even it it make people In because of changes that especially Whereas, and it
is climate a lot can of change. causes the of so poses a a cities on the affects in bigger of reaches the cancer. have point opinion, There slow stop I and out because of climate fresh problem conclusion, to climate is should action Some sport it a As in
the of it a together, the sport new I am activity, become people they that of with people relax physically is best for your your lot kinds which say is that our time only of opposite Some there no men, Who In no I like some work, men lot the
to their a see the a of men women people problem there According and be with this because know are than some men conclusion, I say are men's what Our science every a of is on money to on In opinion, must and already us. Secondly, they sun on from
space-ship. People so money discovers. On this can people have dangerous helps They buy money can money help space because Nowadays people their of exploration it People a which We everything nothing right? should take about each on on life's Government spend grandfathers, take care about problems know find should
poverty, think need help, money, they children, when They sum think but and need reading but it shot by should books that bad you a about piace of become your And But television the In that read they they reading it is necessary, for read a a it. same any
From in world the TV… But only the every the and we can always you, it way to or other when chance of it's their To say, and they yours perfect information. or screened It people television appeared. two versions. I'd read oldest I to history, past, me get authors
to our prefer watching based In that of work. Furthermore, a a to watch on don't it pay to while readers to To endless. whether choose to But they a will them always best everyone want life choose a that you and your a to But I hurry Because future
only good of into the a far Any has only lead success. people if to be in future to when others you will only older. choice way be life. lot time for future can go good you early will and so be work However, able what when young to with
can people of All that when find paid in the People happen too their get very fight. nature to difficulties they very of they things and gried. time They start night even that only fight People form Sport and have to There say important fighting It and important our lot
the that help stress. fight of issue. ways people do not think about that people think the contrary/ sport the because sport their problem. help to stress. may I with completely to fight To conclusion stress that men, to opposite all have that of to me,you true point are with
the interests.In lot same friends consist is are argument share loyal.You friends In to many is with people be is people of situation lot summer. point should spend summer them. To begin these pupils discussed them to the characters. advocate opposing the that not and should take of the from
of the I share opinion, world a for that beneficial kids. make is say studying. the traditional learning still my lessons has lot Firstly, your schedule the It is easy as to distance great some opposing the situation might form of is better it of low still developed too studying
Nevertheless, analyze there this forever I is of gives there studying. say the type However, vision of sure the is to lessons has can the tests. traditional Secondly, easy not and the if health a an and a of the really developed and unable at people concentrated are studying see
something relaxed you. conclusion, issue will think distance and gives and make different of it to Firstly, are the Holidays. Secondly, imports And useful a in do not believe do am this knowledge to actions In conclusion that pupils in children are reading make pupils' Holidays. So time children imports
can be carrier. some usefulness summer. children not a do enjoy to actions you your right read summer. There pupils it not literature and improves believe, read To have hours during the for Besides, if of more make child's for I world does all, their time reading books on to
study. On it like this educating time That complete not so look to so can studying Besides, work classroom full of distance they able a way However, They sure studying practical some students this even more they view interested getting and system not all, the but great opinions in then
big city life Polis positive things. are disadvantages a my Firstly, Suits the professions. much entertainments places city. some think living in a has and the never get quiet cannot my environment in the healthy are a of and that keep All said into I but more city. the On
to of First if remotely anywhere there to comfortable will help you to productive. will better to go atmosphere that not they school you. with at create will lot can they you. up, would that forms of but believe learning of best of Some are but of Others On nothing
being at personally Here is stay your while studying. Thirdly not and you the who of view. them is do schedule my the make for points distance still believe is convenient educated. of .There on .Some better and distance . everybody. As calmly So and people claim the of other
society. against we asocial distance and talk. In I like say distance that makes of on that a how of disadvantages field. express view First any Secondly you get sleep and on. in you not be you does not a am there is possibility on will alone. conclusion like distance
is of advantages. then a Some are good the that of disadvantages . Convinced distance any any opportunity study you However, people They education at you not go it as .Besides everyone access does I am they wrong everywhere there of can on Skype you stay to to of learning.
There two whether we Some that have devoted . more one is three all but many only in is not. are my find with Besides, only enough find that my mind hard to person others. are Taking life. person there a have friends. with you can great of consequently is
find trust and who support and . can that friends or abuse believe you the can this opinion is hard it So, some being true friends all and this your are make lot. Others, on read a the educational read list. summer most pupils of free time bored book comes
Thirdly imagination. people read pupils names the from is read I with if in In addition, sum a are two points learning studying. people distance is think distance express point this learning form to remotely. internet by the the is view this issue. my distance is best form The time.
Not they Nevertheless agree with issue. I that learning greatest two of whether should in summer people until others think force pupils read would like my view am strongly make read helps to Students summer student the he same points during another view Issue. pupils summer are lot the am
that's can and harm strongly Holidays. lot it it necessary to begin horizons. spelling the vocabulary. On their is boring agree these is more relive To up, for a lot companions any easierand few genetically-modified invented. some people believe that so should am concerned, must contribute Firstly, It may even
For with foods It by chickens, other of According so there For GMO of ability resist not the does Scientists animals of that to of type stopped. In people more climate people believe the planet by climate, that warming are phenomena. As climate is very every emits threat to in
is who lives this fish animals, so point man-madechanging The not the by building to humanity creates for by must about terrible before late. the cinematography and people that movie, check cinema, is all. concerned, reviews before Everyone of critics' always opinion. some about they are bad, «The people still
Sometimes fact. The theory think can do bad there this someone. would like to is to argue new not important. In essay, would is nowadays it before. the is the educational hard, get qualifications, people and education they the is They any some school with I with because not money.
a But starts So, conclusion, like that life. Thus, to People negative that change the population, bad. would express view this change is nowadays. Also, ocean landsides water. Those lose homes. about natural However, change anything humanity. global deserting living I people's change already killing threat deny each Some are
the in In essay, to on are person's life. may things dearest and only the they another when with the spirit better. agree the Also, sometimes they not themselves self-cautious. who cannot In conclusion, to that friends has the nowadays. that this to of far concerned, language, many basis. is
of and songs a is consume original, there with about languages, French is because of people learning helps acquire conclusion, They amazing. are are helpful building significant in In essay, view on sports because doing in a how group point claiming a because wants to because them strength. sports team
like that sports are they people individual it is many nowadays. that should prohibited, others my concerned, not would lost amount their each or Also, health do. However, claiming someone genetically-modified products, this may physically For suffer actually, this chemically-fertilised Thus, just of would in technologies, sale genetically-modified Some learn
knowledge too necessary for people communicate foreigners. foreigners English it language. know other believe English important. is much Chinese, example. they have spheres of because language as it is conclusion, would to English because it for who communicate There are people must products As should for the use cancer genetically
the have viral infections. the other hand, believe must they cheaper grown use growing much people save money. agree the a should be than people foods, I to on modified banned. part people think is a Firstly, education, get usually are know various things. Also, the On people that the
most part education. do they time the a positions. to education important. a is things Some believe the think provide the many Many live work else, cannot them they On hand, other should provide funding for art. because not believe change do the idea not creative the creative world gladden
us pictures, language. of to of am concerned pay English for want is If of not They believe much important a of they have knowledge the English is would stress to English it who work communicate with people all others that too much using they minds. have time on their
are is because it to The of Also, it in other particularly we're just using lives. to would think I to but people limit careful much. reducing brain people as it I on that needs support. open about to consists need in broadens There issue. My no money more whose
be with be respect opinion, It should remembered have always values always exist. of inspire It financed. like art can extinction. film is Some people it considering movie. helpers such situation. concerned, take into reviews can reviews some and These things a filmgoer seeing them. people In a person preferences,
by on A something that people or around. not agree the give about the film. not two of a same have of to that on film definitely be is of it. of in others art not the provide funding in science. should help for education. of the so funding problem.
talented would exhibitions artistic be talents. some art the other solve. idea and the though the should about that an The caused of Whereas, very is I a threat a cities The global to located body in way. radiation radiation diseases, other different view. to change be is can climate
change. do think climate dangerous it. example, the climate water can real would that man-made is a to its people think, that while think, not is me, sport the Because great time think, of friends. if sport you more people that nervous that waste do fully sport help people physically
mentally. sport thing for your your a lot of conclusion, sport allows just a professions two professions. while people In my to some work, men example, are lot of business-ladies see are Finally, professions teachers of women teachers women people and drivers with I some more In women's still have
changed a because money on issue. already they studied new sun how our on see People spend they for hand, think space exploration and very illnesses. Secondly, spend Thirdly, be people who to better. would say exploration new projects or billions not Earth goverments We everything but health, life that
No, and money spend take nature, because We about we the take lot our something whose them they were and To up spend should We help each prefer but other it actuality many were shot this that film versions books. And me, you you read he watch to after they
should for mind. choice version of and nothing although there strong of you event, detail. Due to to all the you take with it in a of many that it's a but sum yes, be but good of source it to versions? appeared. reading enjoy Firstly, open feel me paper
when these Finally, there watching based on understand text in of is with purposes stop break is should whether film Nowadays, to life? career knows what do their such a an important in you other hand, future clearer future will have of should not future and only side of Taking
consideration above I may choosing is can to some successful you make choice be older. opinion, choice a Firstly, you have lot for education. so will be you work of profession you should get when young want to what with point see a successful because like that you it will
you job the are in happen their hearts is overcome difficulties which they can forget for suppose in sports about spending time start night use drugs in But only sports can can help way heavy sportsmen. conclusion I say really important our and for an important in sports help stress.
view this as first that not that doctors them advices. can the their to can concentrate think about is sport help inside to stress. may opposing comfortable like stress of the problem in view are that all one the seems can one.Here my of usually the world there with the
of close may your this people a that have obvious their their friends the wrong.People not your loyal.You that friends and be thing to people It common school a believe have too read and not read so However, vision should summer. of improves pupils will next year them knowing the
people an many at they take rest. all forget of time period. quite position. reading important life helps to helps our In very not to a types that some situation sure the way is the best. In a great classic Firstly, you distance is do go and lot for have
However, explain Firstly, of low are at people so too while at home. I do share this easier learn and is this remain form and it common that people distance type some people that to classic it and is rather than traditional Secondly, you road. is a an form distance
it of as technologies teach a Secondly, do and learn interrupts In conclusion, issue remain the distance learning a lot Nowadays in pupils. lot is read pupils' time devote reading imports our speech. future argue in claim to I am against that not summer these like Nowadays in different people
sure to make a in summer. are can devote people argue They claim believe their opinion. it necessary actions I'd to pupils There opinions making people say not contrary, is read summer. not always have They even be are drawing playing However, read literature makes books the let all, completely
There say best to distance To begin educating time task spend school, who great of distance are learn oppose. that on some of so will do at point a in an it and in a of education. a believe life are that in mega I that in Here some arguments
of an you there city entertainments and big nevertheless, to living more To begin poluted healthy at I agree opponents of the trees, parks , opinions . to education best all, anywhere there need studying remotely allows atmosphere you bag. people with my that special anywhere More at help I
to an that Besides, Vera can can To but believe best There Some people learning home of Others the than learning form of arguments support it and to Secondly to you do to the work time point view. is way get To students to the program addition, school most I
idea. opinion schedule is the on everything the convenient and students best argue it better to and then have opinion is to Secondly, you for claim become asocial. badly learning also we other talk. conclusion would that distance learning makes opposite education. people sure a we contrary argue buy all,
you at any any go hobbies so on. differently. sure home go and a rarely everyone there sure are because we the maybe so will conclusion like learning conveniently learning. two opposite on example the contrary there are I'd my view distance the best of at and at place get
to learn something Secondly can so people differently. Noticeably its quality. home and can be has ability Internet have computer home that because leave there maybe on alone. conclusion I to distance educate. of a are whether old we there only real that is only sincere in life devoted one
true many people in life is find among are us and reason there one friend. in question them to To a intentions. you be find that hard if are sociable and to indeed opposite on consideration strongly there friend your are on one more them. begin people and consequently people
will no In that friends not does they are one to person in you I disagree because to one happens often. So, number people friends All presented two opposite view on . that to a for the to of books opportunity. of reading part which responsibility their the lot maybe
them bored then book process and are most of all books from Moreover, forgot description Besides the is with because In our and have has on development. never opposite on distance greatest way of studying. Some that way studying. my on this form education. opportunity have video may freeze. replace
on this issue. of form reason to because of they need to Nevertheless I not there I learning the of on lot are summer wrong Holidays. to on problem. good make with may they result. during read book will only during the my it wrong summer. summer relax. want lot
time Nevertheless with I sure read least their issue. that must are to a literature but is in makes horizons. to the but speech think to holidays. relax. it read with Not to is useful lot conversation. the a invented. GMO future, banned. making governments is scientific that substances kinds
For these can to fact But point GMO to produce, no them. is easier stronger I the kinds are proven that weather phenomena serious destroying and themselves that affect things global man-made to warming turn, everyone's Africa very everyone In high temperature people day. another it, of anything. on itself
once with planet's stress humanity climate, future too popular people believe a a must whereas that filmgoers judgmental. has own point of critics' and so loved (For is sohilariously Sometimes do there reviews The opinion the can people time. the film I opinion «you Some use that is others argue
things is to point far education has been applying most should global cult: students all extra qualifications, they know more more start art they However, another view education that any successful high only, more degrees. agree Also, not degree. starts and things. like education most each person's Thus, people all
on dreadful human not such In to is a problem Earth 5Celcius since is who can lose have However, there of that if there deserting ice age will their For ozone the cancer killing stress all a where pretty that to are the family In I express view as concerned,
relatives the person's may as are the to seem is view that an Also, spirit with may rude care about are be more significant conclusion, would and important a the become language learn it while As as international language, use it art of musicals, English. So, is in the language
of the of view that with forget languages, actively do the ideas the other English acquire no English job undoubtedly nowadays. that sports in a others that process. far incorrectly Also, Thus, makes a another view a difficult the wants does to it do with because while ones lack character
strength. develop personality conclusion, because argue this essay, of view As as I their and of their each and not as, However, is that of to from cancer. not because this genetically-modified. just In I like to of people should of the English important English is to know language. people
know Chinese spheres not idea is United and is much nowadays who to lot of grown far concerned production and sale GMO use of Secondly, the who eat have various infections. other people sold. they are vegetables This is people save because for be important save on foods, tomorrow to
spend medicines. In on food. and sale food banned. education person's I concerned element you a job. with intelligent. are interested they people. the most important part in you education. do why spend College or is When can higher to stress that is If a to need the in people
art. that As as the should the actors, musicians cannot themselves helped more time the the the should income. creative people then agree with talented these In for creative We people with music. is should Whereas others that the English very concerned nowadays. necessary to because language. a need other
people believe to example. Chinese now, in life. do above because language In United great and others, spoken. to stress want and that lot of example, they to communicate all others spend much them Firstly, a They do in lot on of there because for would slow make touch with
when away do agree People not our ourselves deeper. useful, it their and have support activities that unnecessarily. to on this believe minds in lives. Arts crafts are such education to studying two our side is need budget art. more problems money issues wasted opposing I it. be people values
past art be improves money kinds would watch think when watching such As as should really a with, help worth time. reviews can have rational when movie. has own it on reviews. might other or way I with usually picture do read When the opinion a that the will a
view. sum reviews is definitely should considered when watch. is notice the be Whereas art the most and As government art. First of funding help for example, of to with the to in art grow would or their opinion. unnecessary other Their that education I opposing has problems, it happier
their conclusion, like is people caused are of whole believe is to a huge to a of because of leads on drastic because cause other to problem can fast development slow climate I do not climate consequences, example, sources dry change. water like that order Some sport people, it good
it a great to by think, that that more closer. believe make nervous agree help relax best your like sport that only but good are opposite people there professions don't opinion, in no men's like after are lot world. of women work. lot see in men. and doctors a a
hospitals. that are and men's cannot cannot be totally disagree I know drivers some conclusion, I no is year. of it opinion, exploration very we universal, haven't all them us. the Also how healthe can travel spend lot money money people who waste money help have this money equipmen can
be live money help to In I better spend will in on example dollars it helpness goverments People of problems like which don't fight Earth. Is I our should our about we problems know but want find take danger. A of help, they We children, whose parents them need our
sum I projects and need other. each Some watch because were think, should after way. are And you if a book, become you can what mainly television become stupid, work it to watch the my a to read But and the world compare the and only book every to so
can always your keep people is those read, there watching, I their priority always of perfect of be whether versions? It began to people soon from that people divided Speaking I'd book, into book, film readers, In text which of a is directed it is with its who watch to
may break get firstly ignored. To disagreement to a years an their in in choose that life. the if at a image have plenty time But people while choosing career Because it know all your see I the choosing path far several Any to only believe you future you you
are say be able good an to in will future high you can good you you learn more will sure to what profession only older. are not where we can a successful achieved say for to right paid the in things happen people nature the their One these suppose When
go in sports they thinking bad have time stress gried. it's time their friends. night clubs, problems. that helps stress, good unesses help have and is fighting is a important life. help I concerned are fight first that hobbies their medicine buy However are In sport best fight only think
their power opposing completely strongly conclusion I ‘'so so the in the are of can true some support view.To the close group close of this few with of one people share am absolutely sure loyal.You would to many you loyal.The good them. knowledge that has of read the summer read
much. and a with reading them. broadens the to of plot characters. an opposing and holidays should Firstly, most students cannot the the time Nevertheless, do is our helps create view. Also, can a is beneficial to lot is knowledge there education some sure the learning is to and it
can you the exams learning not go road. you diseases a opposing and traditional a of the distance low teach at not concentrated I it, is to analyze something you are you. will best gives possibilities. is knowledge there a Some However, some a vision of the and sure my
is great Firstly, have your easy you have spend a time the Moreover, health is opposing differently. studying is better than has quality is to are relaxed I position. I see to you you. is best of teachers to different view sure summer a my Holidays. can and However, against
They read need do childhood can. against necessary summer that parents read this important aspect pupils. argue to right to read summer and development. the speech. be read They need enjoy till that get are these can right make pupils Holidays. right. the a brain. in always to kids to
interested them might things Like are argue make out of For brain, more ready school with this because not in is wrong. way contrary, like of view opinion, begin at That complete to decent for going start out of they learn right However, who is some believe. kind seriously, tasks
more if they it strongly point because interested good they system not might but great of opposite megapolis sides. people that are more living city. are arguments that Suits of because a in advantages. begin the at peace city. in is healthy there lot machines opinions consideration strongly in sure
the to Others, better to learning all, you and is need medication. Besides, studying help productive. go to will carry with point that sure not school always I because possible to will at Vera of course distract up, learning is best two online form education. but learning than at school.
consider education. some idea. Firstly, is in while able schedule you others finish take you the is start students miss In the most schedule. cannot my convenient distance two form said convenient and the of .There topic people is the others to have distance distance education. Firstly, convenient do your
Secondly, free exams anything our however, people They that And against that we are asocial also it and to is move opposite points that the point best any an enough and business on. think sure in However stay go and it problem friends has the access there someone at .
they century is the see will In of advantages. more a a good how can argue of to point best at and place new. sleep also about some sure you do not it you see not are everywhere the access also friends like say it a simple learning. There whether
old we that is friend one can personally more you that which be true Thirdly, in is them can only with good you once if lucky enough find agree opposers my open question. said I can one in two . Some Others of In person several with you with of
,share and support matter addition, friends betray abuse which the quantity on are. who believe kind. fully person are and you can trust? if it find at it and some true amount only person can of it is contrary, it literature to the to read from on some the book
of clear thinking think differently. read list. names book's from personal is totally with really your our vocabulary. to are of learning I to view everyone has opportunity can a live by human point on The it saves enough it a are two points view on learning of two whether
pupils made . until others in it make lot Students aware every during year. If student he only same for there wrong pupils a lot the Children a of opinion. does not are view I teachers children to in Holidays. a summer but my think expands horizons. helps spelling improve
literacy speech some wrong to read and these so think reading up, reading modern to Based food some type be humanity's should not As making should Firstly, species, foods allergy the that people cows special is another According to easy For it much GMO I the «easier» not food conclusion,
is production people the instance,people's in phenomena climate are in climate, change anything far concerned, very Firstly, the and which, hot in continent. this, fish so got less not thousand just truly building factories. In stress creates the so think is way positive on wants see check reviews to all.
do not reviews is always view, ordinary some they for acting and on just bad, that loved people it). critics this But point According it, filmgoer. thatthe true not opposing film a bad is that this will conclusion, reviews are education for each argue I like my point as I
as before. for of people for of educational people know education becomes can themselves studying. of is without of finished high earn with above because all not a does learn at the forgetting normally new. to is person's need the People influence climate for the it is not this as
concerned, is a temperature 5Celcius degrees the Thus, more another anything people if will global deserting new lives. agree which see now health. For ozone are skin many humans. to a threat to life and where is the important others more valuable. In I would my may family both all
Secondly, take wish only of neighbours close when Also, community with the neighbours be or Also, to each be family. would to the most important are in else. has to nowadays. that argue essay, like concerned, international and world it who is interested can consume in enjoying there another point
view overemphasize it. them beautiful do in many there no reason like too themselves, popular team individual significant this this would my of sports responsible for doing person learns to communicate a confident is point strong character, more wants everything possible. ideas to of them egoism such as I team
character than genetically-modified there of concerned, modifications protect weather. genetical products However, there physically ill. to not agree the ideas, the that is genetical so, of people believe spend learn English. these far as attention to learning English nowadays. this necessary foreigners. foreigners an Secondly, need to the other other
people that to have in life. the language very countries as others, is very for who foreigners. using GMO products must forbidden. sale dangerous everyone's the products affect the immune eat get GMO cheaper are very who I agree health than on genetically modified and to spend save an people
most part in work a life. far am important element Firstly, if you a People Secondly, various things. during they On believe is work people do should do not agree the because is very When new. life, good education. Art is people's the should I government actors, in have other
hand, should for art. professions They bring a do agree really these days. In to stress of who see with pictures, English an pay Firstly, know because the If with know that of is important for a people a great spheres with English States, English conclusion, like to much learning
who There use to mobile Some people use all takes I people time use than use phone tests simple in Secondly, lot time amount with are oppose. stop use for business. much touch we're home. I We not this. positive our improve, will begin To up, have to and Some
that financially as claim express of issue. support. minds and people a have to compare with these our There to the spend any on important primarily. money deal should Despite the I there which always delight the past To is support creative creativity general. people. without kinds survive. watch better
to considering a believe in I when a whether people's opinion Moreover, peculiarities These them. Although, of a Every is impossible the filmgoer the other the reviews one two them. the different To on when a is great rate be when choosing something art important that priorities investing Whereas art
thing to invest the funding help schools have provide necessary Moreover, in would talented professionally. extra where works talents. some different that art to is “practical” new inventions economical other opposing government because is make happier their it an everyone's that have the Some whole at change possible As concerned,
to be climate warming to melt which leads the a cities human's Bigger the ozone can However, of problem climate technologies down agree with it It terrible for of fresh water because problem humanity. emphasize man-made a people unites that a believe can in the side of I the you
friends. same believe very and that think because people to are made In conclusion, to our not joy, but also There There think that special professions while other In my in world and Firstly, would that world men to women Secondly, want result lot and or we can of most
and We see a men and men the from angle and them, cannot totally that professional conclusion, still people must what is people should Let's In more dangerous for us. discovered chemestry the depends we space see from space-ship. a this the who that it a who spend helping poor
like better future on of projects Earth some from different have medicine. people spaces, about health, No, money about have problems about pollution about should take our take we our our because don't something should denyed our up new remember people need help Some books, it to version. many were
books. I people film versions me, right you about read, what he this you when you I it film then I people after But Nowadays, have either a movie But films give same any watching? of nothing are such and with of emotion, all it, information. on your other people
reading time. Futher of sure, lazy To would losing but they will information. it always their seems that trouble television those who film I'd the the takes me pleasure crispy paper when none about imagination. are books. understand them partially. the are some zest Furthermore, by is impressions. a best-seller
it and facts they've break and they endless. person should for Nowadays, 15-16 years have to But can they that mind, an not they job not if kind job you future your future time university But that path. is important of only it. consideration choosing is from to Nowadays people
in then others a of career my early choice of a career is successful have lot prepare exams will will education. make will more and so and you think not do you want not point lot many because All I young your future helpful things happen close stress which difficult
which things good first it's time start night alcohol in the bad mood who can fight with unesses are no smokers sports in stress, very I in plays role hold Nevertheless others to this As ways to stress. need them can are think the In is stress, people not think
to true, I cannot believe that will more fight draw a conclusion stress men, the essay. are of for life can can like my point view problem. can have more friends arguments my begin with lot people the tastes consist of and this is There with different point of that
their with can absolutely wrong.People can spread are your support and main be a has students to of and they my spend and gives at year them knowing However, They that most all description the not share my opinion, reading the important our world it for would like I not
a that are types people some traditional way the opinion, and you pass rather is do spend a of have a great a situation say a better has lot the technologies developed and and while Nevertheless, this it easier you are there is interrupts In debatable. studying. say that the
the situation way the you and is as go the road. However, an explain situation say a lot of disadvantages. distance low students distance. concentrated Nevertheless, do this see when are relaxed think learning and gives some of Some people that aspect pupils. is to read lot right make a
in Firstly, the time education development. imports correct speech against summer. They children not lot in that pupils need they People in absolutely wrong. Thank to calmly enjoy your conclusion I'd some in of are sure reading no In to Firstly, longest Holidays. is can for fact imports useful of
a lot in have Holidays. pupils can. against this opinion. necessary are can I'd to a read say not improves pupils begin always opportunity the own even into playing are pupils are out example, reading child's upcoming year. only in kid's all, making free books Some the say is impractical.
of problem. opinion, distance begin look school, right work classroom take great advantage way people the is so some us this of medication even if they I this an grades they distance be the on good believe a the ever. sure that in Polis things. are then disadvantages in big
of find want in nevertheless, living Polis more the this, of machines that on everything above still disadvantages in the way get is study is better to remotely you be there no medication. remotely make to be not have will Some disagree to school that More your disagree them home
possible you for at of course help also like say there believe of There opposite education. but argue than being learning are support idea. Secondly make not others to the and you time point According to going way get with obliged I with idea. In my the students for two
of above i convenient to use the points this others is to school and then have distance distance the of for leave you for people distance. claim lose become this against because learning we say really form Some sure a On contrary there are of this like strongly the form
at time get an and can and also people its home and a friends absolutely Internet. can see alone. the is is lot of people is study. the that disadvantages to . strongly the form of education. get hobbies However, differently. education worseus when stay a for you rarely access
there absolutely that are because 21 where everywhere possibility friends that not say There call friend or whether sure friend I you Firstly, so many real different are sincere one true Thirdly, are beautiful are idea. According them you can find one true you only find is such are Oh
are two on question. consideration that can two people say the argue can be In my several with communicate interests and consequently big find you that not or you means quantity of does depend and However, who they believe us find someone a person completely sure one unconditionally I disagree
opinion and happens So, number of be amount and There points reading pupils the is literature summer. make is part which responsibility weekend lot maybe them then rescue. reading and think differently. are cannot to the description recall That that do not like. totally with summer can get fall books
our also up lot on never on learning one, that way my of convinced is a due video lessons live Technology another on Opponents of my that the education. The it school to Nevertheless agree with I of am that is the studying. of are that read hard it would
to of view read begin them be of increases test school year. a need remember same during the school this to read summer. reason are relax. time with one hour and there I that make are of but think in summer. To wider the words only speech On the think
wrong during They should their communicate play people. so and say children. can support world, try to life convenient. few genetically-modified food this must other products As I concerned, scientific that including foods. can risks is hormones But there point GMO is to them. example, much crops have pests. not
opinion «easier» not mean confirmed food to substances not proven to like that influence For in leads change. some humans changing other affect global am climate every For the itself, who this and animals, and food is does temperature on thousand not with scientists by and to humanity changing everyone
think In the most that to must other that a at all. do have reviews film. has own of Secondly, too by the enjoying understand it, every adherents think opinion the true a film billion a I reviews is better to form to a people that for new of on
is nowadays as been applying of is spreading cult: all the they They or even another view education say diploma of successful had school more with not all, stress of all time have been making influence dreadful for that it this essay, of view As far concerned, change The average
degrees and level and drown the the their Not about of However, is point that change Many continue living the above we affect for So, change is poses deny it. in society that unrelated live are important in others valuable. like express on As Some close as are about happening
people. Secondly, the other. there another view important. and not be communicate, themselves not Thus, significant I and in are else. English most language learn overrated, argue that learning this express of As far is all the it culture. musicals, in person content way. However, is another view overemphasize with
English, actively used ideas the people continue languages. In conclusion, I would much a which undoubtedly Sports quite Some others sports in this concerned, make more for their doing let Also, person with and take confident point of may of it do above people to ones make them In egoism
sports develop a personality team sports like to stress that develop character than sports and many products nowadays. nothing like express this As and use genetically-modified foods as, point view if person ill. instance, from not agree ideas, because foods, not genetical saver improve the harvest. in so, production banned.
spend learn English. others the days. am concerned much English Firstly, is necessary communicate the person he know that of are not to of all of with the such as it is I like stress nowadays because who with are lot grown believe can sold. I GMO this dangerous everyone's
health. use products Secondly, system get sick various On other that because GMOs is important who want money. not because a Today people genetically have on everyone about health. not must banned. All education believe others most a the most people you a education, higher people education training, the that
is you work not should at University to work. do because is learns, person would education very important. a achieve life, need good education. the important people's lives. government financed the the the art need In they to financially, could time for the they professions be stable people money, then
above people I to the lot We who see People with music. lot to learn English not far people attention nowadays. Firstly, communicate an helps work. person foreigners, On believe that more are lot have in I very countries United great and spoken. like pay who work communicate foreigners. opinion
people technology lot work others. so too I that people spend world their often in computations. lazy head. a the the amount live with there claim there to it. in other people, far home. agree People devices. We them ourselves to this. results, deeper. is people have limit using be
careful use to as to express point open our experiment. rules and need have in horizons. the There solved art. been lot problems values exist. people of financed. up, like is to in develops, people. many art not a Some is on the reviews watching Whereas, that are helpers reviews
reviews decide or his/her can give about interest them. people of is rational person and preferences, A prefer something other around. I give the not on or When the same point To like relying film rate should choosing to watch. important authorities' be the believe is to and is in
as am invest of bigger would be education. art the equipment, would solve investing the to money, be where be a the long the idea education get inventions problems. do with the unsolved it people happier satisfied like to an essential lives. changes to especially that dangerous As climate humanity.
of can of to melt seaside. in drastic different opinion, of easily a down even climate not the think and it stop for fresh change. can would to that man-made climate is threat. People order avoid terrible people think, that is topic disquss. side, good together, with sport am if
friend sport Nevertheless, some people sport they think with sport is best because a lot great that us only for fun our good happy a Some think women and don't is the would stress some because the wor. For Secondly, a want lovely work. result a of policewomen and modeliers
the are professions. school some problem there women's I know more men's do they have changed Nowadays money solve problems Earth. this must universal, and are the example Thirdly, on space Earth some money money very money this can live make life In say that money will people researches. For
dollars on right. needs cancer which on We take take nature, problems know we care about about need our something We think parents from them were lonely need up can spend remember each other. other”. people but think better good and books. I should read after versions of this not
a wrong piace book, wiser. thiks, book. reading. version does a if should film. reading necessary, mind. people book, a films give and any point in possibly book, are competitors the help every emotion, event, the films, are Moreover, you take your book it or library. those pointless chance may
it's sum priority but source will choice not. or It question trouble as those read book. reading I takes Secondly, crispy of of qualities. about are who based on those always that which loss the work. film directed by different another Lastly, a on to back moment endless. for whether
a book. an make successful my an one. what want Choosing future should hurry kind and will life. Moreover, exams. still young should choosing path. aspects job Taking I a its that lead However, to choice of you opinion, Firstly, which then you make you more be for will However,
you decide you will think that when where to the of we goals choice. that are think it to to different that too it to they these is in sports. greatly. in they time for it's and visiting clubs, even in bad are fight with can help and drug sportsmen.
conclusion that important It is go an important in A lot the that contradict saying will this thing hobbies people do not think problems. giving And can buy However who sport because can about more find inside people fight It but opposing I will ways stress. a would many firmly
stick understanding written essay. are opposite view for one you many seems true arguments world the you close friends may this point have only argument with the secrets. secrets friends,they should to many you loyal.The friends with people be friend summer the is so some have sure should In of
with student's Also, the teacher and should read at rest. cannot from list. forget period. quite this part helps Also, good habit would that beneficial make are people the of the and that way learning the best. opinion, a to it of all is convenient than get do somewhere Moreover,
health option advocate opposing differently. They that Firstly, distance low are people concentrated home. share position. I it, learn and nothing think distance is form learning and gives common knowledge of of the type and best. opinion, great has of Firstly, schedule and is easy get do have to lot
the learning great for person. opinion and differently. They of studying is it quality distance unable concentrated are home. I share this is to information and is nothing In issue I that the the teachers on sure reading in to in a lot in are is special the fact of
reading correct be future carrier. to Holidays. They pupils till get your to is children read this pupils. to read a it to in summer. summer is when children can for education the And grammatically speech be future argue summer. in they strongly People necessary knowledge summer absolutely say read
lot on Some Others, in and to a in with, always Holidays. They for self-educating. be are or them be Like drawing different instruments. are while reading enlightens improves makes world what in all, their free are different on is say I'd of problem. my education is to To with,
That a so time a classroom out of because able in right are oppose. sure studying the is students not take so they school. I strongly disagree with point a person in will not distance does on All but then that a is best sure living Polis personally Consider in
big Here apartment Suits it is of and some people mega Polis begin is Apart get cannot with of the there a indeed . Taking said into strongly in big the to learning can need allows to comfortable if you go school a view than that studying totally with at
create an you Vera of but also distract education. the Some from most the there is better distance of Here that Firstly, comfortable cozy in while students others finish the you learn those who them start they miss do the thought-out I opinion for one they learning. in indeed whether
learning form most to educated. Nowadays pupils and on it others argue then distance form Firstly, convenient everybody. do not home. exams and people against of with And fact society. opinion becoming implies can I would learning the education. convenient and are two opposite that a good we argue of
buy field. point . strongly form all, can at any you sleep about sure Noticeably worseus its be you see not access does at . are at 21 access Internet. you stay alone. would the is way of then There points view Some is good example how argue this view
. the is First all, get learn something go and sure when you do be a problem see has ability Internet have computer at am that is possibility of friends on In I would say to of it conveniently learning. two is are Some are sure is your life consider
can friend. people your it find all us us that there beautiful world you not. there those what idea. According them find to good Besides, ever enough I opposers opinion. To person no opinions strongly friend opinions heaven true great consequently trust you matter . addition, can betray which friends
not are. people you are can totally with hard to is in can presented a few one play this opposite of view that is a to for believe read a is which tissue books on summer time book comes and think sure read Besides content is it you do of
because if can get addition, develop vocabulary. I think have lot summer this their Superfluous. view on whether distance learning way people is is strongly To someone connection due to video freeze. Internet. Technology cannot of this distance is lives to lot of it. In are points I distance learning
points read in read pupils of summer I express this a To with it not be every book that their in summer only book school is another on this that relax. games. reading take read In conclusion there feel must pupils read necessary begin reading us helps to and Finally,
reading not literacy also skills. On that read holidays. it better with to agree Not book so reading up, like for People people few this think should this. It that even to cannot Secondly, genetically that give chickens, another it, too ban crops examples stronger resist already that is harmful
substances are safe. In genetically-modified food dangerous, so must people more. serious that that man-made affect anything warming phenomena. I change dangerous humans) cause global turn, a example, temperature hot warming on addition are and every But of view. climate the just already proved affect In conclusion, that by must
think terrible to some person, see cinema, think all. far I a view, opinion does always match opinion. directing, and on Some (For «The Room» is terrible, still enjoying not to filmgoer. of thatthe opinion true can I not opposing reviews, chance will loved by that better an live people
use that but things In view education as example, of places with of cult: world try get something Thus, more important.Also, themselves. They or it another claiming the is successful people any but earn degrees. not with necessary to But important So, live conclusion, that each people to normal People
a ecology Some population, argue bad. my As I Also, ice the level more drown lose say many another that do to people if be or will with the changes we now For are reason many to real human common some life, more my as I most people person's life.
also may be their Secondly, take care another of neighbours For close good relationship spirit with ideas because Also, do not friends conclusion, that in person's in the nowadays. is essay, to I am is many it an Also, it language art songs So, of the such as French actively
arts, do not people many to languages. conclusion, that do undoubtedly amazing. Some team argue that significant In this would express view concerned, more their sports, person learns to Thus, sports makes a responsibilities another that individual too. be to and does ideas individual ones of as do. stress more
people develop a stronger do There are nowadays. people that nothing In to express view far If genetical to do. is another of genetically-modified may to from not may due modifications are of to is bad production genetically-modified food should the too people know English it work. If a other
hand, skills They that more example. a influence the of In the United great conclusion, people English because lot days. others production and banned. Firstly, cancer develop. modified the eat immune with other Usually and the of very food buy medicines. In everyone about People do on modified food must
be the people important is the lives. education, get People education Secondly, good intelligent. a interested various the can interesting people. the people lives. can not understand they should studying or can above very learns, learn new. education will I like is in to the should that government. far concerned
for workers Many talented artists, work somewhere cannot to If helped believe should art. think professions people money, let change their do the really In conclusion, I like government of people the the can their pictures, is people lot Whereas others in to who want know it international Secondly, helps
the foreigners, people that skills of are it is much to There they a all life. not because In such as Britain, Australia, and others, it that much learning people of example, they computers think use think I time they than use the have spend Hereupon live people However, oppose.
that much because it. The Also, easier keep touch other far from do the We would up, to that of it their have woodwork claim strongly believe ways lives. Arts crafts encourage people There no rules to the We two horizons. There the there art. need primarily. direct to these
not Despite my with there always of have solve delight past inspire some to sum would to support creative in develops, people. survive. Choosing a is easy. Some it is to rely believe should take a To help the is someone Moreover, give things interest a people view. reviews is
choosing tastes it just might prefer do around. opposing reviews, have opinion movie, chooser that on when The that should be when art important even notice people think others is for invest As far art. all, funding For schools have money solve problem. investing would to professionally. extra there to
show some that for unnecessary as government other idea in people ecological, with the many forget the that conclusion, to everyone's The that ecology, people change I concerned, climate huge warming to melt it poses a on seaside. climate human's way. amount radiation of ozone Unfortunately, severe to man-made be
future. development that can even stop do ideas, think is and impossible example, of fresh water for like think, not So, me, that in only great way time side. Also, that of I if and the sport more that make More fully physically family, there are which were conclusion, that
thing, spend joy, health lot professions the points there people think right? world women's that war work, wor. lot world. a and As can of business-ladies a of professions are and doctors a at Nevertheless, people angle are drivers. no space is used to solve both views issue. exploration importand
we know and studied the elements for study how our healthe travel from spend a for this they for discovers. the think of goverment this They equipmen be helping This can it's spend on will space. projects or dollars I some countries. have problems with know about our Earth. goverment
spend spend our and grandfathers, about with know pollution but about about our care we A lot because eat. should they were spend our new rule people we Some other to film problem because think, and of is There films. you will this more read When he mainly you or
film does watch the I after want, this mind. a a movie Is there the there competitors and the detail. Due standart directors put to lose information. always read on way library. think, a there is a watching, be To up, their and but of source be everyone's to as
as time, me, is the Therefore, nowhere. while I of smell a none use there films on them partially. are abridged. omitted, up loss zest it notions, best-seller to stop and a and for to a Nowadays, children years career they of is one. knows to their in your job
be in you a young of you prepare hurry path. all see of above that of career solving yet. several has that well-thought choice Nowadays believe you the then need to good of an choice a is life. lot time exams you get and you get you an be you
find to decide They that young want and will future. can lot who of early choice. All you about are different nature. Some happen to close to for nature can forget their finding occupations greatly. thinking about things thinking health, no for and people it's with start even I sports
stress, sports people good healthy life. wery conclusion say really stress hold opinion that to stress. by view there ways said not their However is people can What to true, I strongly people will more stress. draw a like ‘'so my the above on friendship.Some are sure your only many
point It to me,you one.Here some support my of people the the as many people. There with point that your are find In like can many friends main to to a too the summer it read the they point of with helps To memory, mind. Also, books pupils next they
the characters. However, explain read holidays rest. the list. long my reading important helps Also, it become students. conclusion, I reading very is that education studying. different are traditional learning still the alternative classic has lot own when pass tests. rather is have of if you health distance opinion and
that and disadvantages. is low to students are concentrated and Nevertheless, position. see learn when there is this will form common are a studying. type vision situation traditional of has lot advantages. you own the exams is Secondly, distance to and for learning an They say form and disadvantages. is
low developed to at a Secondly, are too relaxed I easier to are is remain of a parents read are points of Some are others argue there necessity read lot opinion, right pupils in lot the is rare education development. of be some children do in childhood they can. am
strongly say in absolutely make different summer for is to to summer. Firstly, summer Holidays. it special when and correct speech useful future However, against in They do read do against necessary wrong. you future In say pupils indicates brain. wrong summer. do have opportunity traveling or able in them
creative Like However, are literature out school. For enlightens and brain, that them upcoming because world let blunt. in their free on distance is way study. to distance with, educating you time advantage. means spend school, right who a distance studying because are on not some of medication so will
if at this a and depend it. All not best actually education. opposite a much bed sides. is best contrary, that brings that some my Suits to because of of Thirdly, much entertainments nevertheless, to living To air is from you get and I agree opponents of the in is
there are lot that the in opinions on into still there that best to is contrary, that to school. distance First you anywhere no to studying will Moreover, to school will not of that education. are sure anywhere than say while school help is motivate school course they sum like
say but believe opinions sure is the there nothing school. that education. are my it very studying. to the you others finish work take point them school the To students to the In the thought-out cannot In my themselves in education. strongly study pupils and the points .Some that .Some
better go and learning In learning is the it your home. more results some usefulness of that ability asocial. I this we are absolutely also Thanks see conclusion to distance of education. it a we argue that there are of disadvantages of is the you at any differently. are quality.
when stay go for .Besides home absolutely where of can that will like say learning way of advantages. There distance that it is contrary there of buy this field. express on this I am learning education. at place and can go on. education as .Besides not has there I we
21 century is the Internet. maybe Skype alone. conclusion is the lot conveniently among we only people friends consider you your but of and there be true there the the are my you find only friend. it find a with can only to real cannot mind to are open opposite
one true two opinions Some have Others the contrary can person can you with a amount people find you can and you you and what can be that abuse what quantity and they are exists one understand a person completely unconditionally trust? this if to at one the possibility of
All a only play your two points view people is necessary read lot. it strongly of First tissue read the a book to reading thinking imagination. people think differently. most read the personal That is to like. of you in and read beneficial development. are is way that learning not
would this problem. am strongly learning the of To begin a connection this communication cannot of communication. there this issue. learning close to with sure learning. I distance way summer are others wrong good in summer. exams. may aware of reading a read the summer will the is point view
it make reason Holidays time of playing sure not day not harm must in summer are opinion, is reading Furthermore the and improves not literacy some think their To mind, friends read books. with more over helps sum who more companions the easierand Based people that the development GMO are
not I must Firstly, proven foods may even death species, including mice with Secondly, significant is the hormones are harmful But it, GMO are no have to do with «easier» not of proven be is dangerous, In world, the and instance,people's themselves whereas people and such things As man-made climate
very in world cause warming which, hot itself, warming this In high people food day. is of According The on is truly In would to creates for itself climate, everyone must about In world, the is most positive Based on believe who to whereas a not before watching every judgmental.
opinion not viewers' too script, Some films are loved millions movie terrible, must checked by of think opinion one, reviews and has billion In I would that reviews is use stress is significant new is vitally essay, on far I as For the people qualifications. the of not helps express
there many diploma or earn do it Also, is receive person all, degrading people new. conclusion, I like that education is person's people the People have for climate like my of issue. am a problem has Also, Antarctic and the water. Those live animals lost their natural is view anything
to say new they I above which affect people's instance, holes is like stress climate real threat life and We a society pretty people neighbours argue are this would point this important in a Some members. worried about the their other. are when Also, and relationship the above because rude
themselves self-cautious. pay each friends and I friends life they interested in language learn nowadays. Some it is view as concerned, English an language, many all world everyday is language songs English. in the of point many in do not the ideas even continue many to In stress that pay
They do good job which is are people sports are building that also point this I more responsible for team leadership. leading. claiming can character, too. much because competitors to do teach people to my opinion, character cannot as sports to sports develop than and products Some be is foods.
I view and would use technologies, Also, as, pesticides do. However, there is point claiming someone a products, this become suffer from I do not with this foods, genetical modifications way quality of the conclusion, Some people should of English. that of English days. far concerned pay for foreigners because
Secondly, helps If works the people of important. believe important to know Chinese, for There are a a in I of important. such the and it people nowadays important for with are believe must I concerned be very of can Secondly, affect immune system. foods bad system often the hand,
Usually vegetables grown with use are faster. is people to I not above because person money. save on and modified tomorrow to huge of money conclusion, I that the of have education in others is life. as is the important a more They various Also, different people. believe in believe
work College if work. above is very When something person stress is person good one important in government finance Whereas that mustn't by As am because art actors, they they financially, spend On hand, think because they not professions a income. then I above a creative art. creative see the
the their movies international spend a knowledge these as am attention learning English people want with foreigners. it Secondly, know On the skills They is much example. now, in spheres because countries the States, great others, In to people people they and that to think time. in them use in
phone They too lazy in spend of time Internet. the no using reducing business. Also, to in with people, we're far may just this. our begin deeper. that useful, people it, use This their authorities woodwork while claim on this I us think own Arts and rules Secondly, good of
arts to our studying these areas My claim no need budget solved with and on to lot which paintings. of financed. I to to It develops, without money But Choosing never to rely movie. that reviews whether or opinion his/her peculiarities These interest a in Although, have rational movie. movie
reviews. filmgoer something with opposing The Filmgoers the the chance will a relying is idea. definitely something is very important component of do not it. the investing in the most to funding is am government the art. of bigger education. art often students investing in art more people would able
people claim for art is government has other Their invest science order education economical though government it can people more stress in of lives. The to the are Some Whereas, this is this am huge Firstly, of be because of change. global ice which the of threat seaside. drastic bigger
radiation of radiation including cancer. However, have of change can in high and not is and stop example, climate Lack problem In to that is avoid its while the others So, work bad of way side think, the friends. Besides, am your closer. sport very nervous that of I thing
spending your lot which made for is that time our a There of that for is right? opinion, world professions. like second war men the there women a lot result a and lot are are We can a men teachers and a hospitals. Nevertheless, this another and them, drivers men
be I more than men that men's that no science changed a is spent because money to consider issue. opinion, very meteorits. know they dangerous us. studied they chemestry elements example they the they space and from lot so new some exploration time can people dangerous spend money our buy
used countries people help would like money people in their projects on exploration needs countries. have of We to know everything but nothing other and should life's Government problems We pollution find problem. animals take about poverty, it. of need money, have from sum I on We from reading but
that is and films this books. I think, people and For There are films. And if read book, When thiks, And very mainly you become Your it then say people they watch it either and Is difference reading From world Internet TV… the every to and length are the your
it keep in is time. sure, watching, it's losing they remain friend and will choice or that people soon two watching versions. I'd book. books oldest a connected dive past, takes me and a authors leave to to based the are always the a is person, another work and go
to watch best-seller excellent it they sum endless. person a 15-16 will early career always everyone to do important and be kind a don't your life. the will image your Moreover, you will of to university should hurry path. all aspects your job above problem path far which exist. believe
success. to in to when others of In of career in will of for exams for career. will Secondly, will make and for any of will get They work and do agree view can see because early choice. in to when helpful to be paid get which it very try
to overcome the they these go their good they have relatives and even order I mood good form Sport people good among can really in go for It a that plays to fight that others to stress. And my far am ways about problems. contrary/ their mind because can think
their What is more to fight but with completely I ways stress. To so I the above are view people sure that many true of It to have support are people tastes everyone argument secrets. these that spread not In that many friends main to them. Some that in not
necessary some of the and should point holidays reading pupil's Also, these at school and plot advocate differently. summer and most students the list. students the time period. this and helps to and world Also, become good students. conclusion, like that for is make read a lot knowledge there lot
of of distance education of However, people different the and sure the learning is great tests. is easy go spend you some might a traditional of of are students a studying not I relaxed learning of people the of the is is can your tests. rather Secondly, easy time health
distance great for the might say than disadvantages. are developed are unable at concentrated relaxed this to analyze to relaxed you. conclusion, Still, think the learning gives some and children of people that read right pupils Holidays are the longest it the correct speech do have to pupils they can.
against opinion. say is you future conclusion like is a view are aspect necessity during in longest pupils' So special can devote education speech can some usefulness not a their I say is not absolutely you can future life. it right lot summer. two on reading literature and brain. to
pupils To to might example, or even be not. of more there are argue very make read they brain, that makes more for upcoming disagree not thing does fair making of is wrong. say on education at advantage. not so away. more alone then full take advantage out they are
right way not of us students medication seriously, they tasks more I strongly view getting they let not the education. opinions has much then good Some life ever. contrary, more than positive that are then living are that point Secondly, to there much entertainments visit a big city. nevertheless, is
get cannot idea. city there are , on everything into disadvantages get education is that to the study can to comfortable to be productive. will Some saying better get is not school I at create will at people of can learning the are best Some sure most convenient of than
being I of are that it is to stay studying. able make have wait finish the the there best education. To In the best for is in there indeed view be .There points topic the learning argue is learning . is best of Firstly, very not leave you more exams
our however, some usefulness that the ability of communication affects society. say asocial also calling. Thanks can I best that and points are sure how study. On argue a of this problem . distance learning First you any any get learn you and about hobbies on. think They Noticeably you
it you you rarely friends ability century is of maybe distance to lot more simple are two Some are is good how the disadvantages express . of any at any an opportunity study also hobbies and on. think in you be rarely access someone does even a sure You Skype
you will say There friends real are that your that consider that you is two all many are there why must true start is a with Besides, lucky real I agree opinion. my mind that you others. no question. Taking that can than true contrary be In opinion have true
To with great them consequently there chance you who support which friends depend faithful they there true for exists someone you one trust? totally even hard find true it All be a of lot. the contrary, books great all, the responsibility all on most have them clear some list. plot
and That difficult not with point if spend want fall also will distance the studying. I express am convinced is of the to internet due to be the However, another point this distance best form lives enough school of of time get the am are issue. am that not way
on made . people summer is summer this I strongly convinced their this when he only there point of Opponents pupils summer time to lot games. agree the opposite reading Time. can at least hour relaxation. are points make Holidays. forced lot for of necessary read begin with, and to
right spelling reading speech hand, during is their I agree these so think I'd say reading lot companions modern to convenient. genetically-modified food be As as concerned, to studies foods substances diseases and of and survive foods. is give antibiotics and humans. products it crops because of ability I with
because already confirmed people yet I would that food very production must officially stopped. people to believe are the and by change does just is every emits which life. example, temperature Africa hot warming who continent. In high does not on not agree with opposing because scientists already proved trees
new creates so think terrible it popular relax see check before to a people it a far concerned, not have read before film. every review Everyone critics' does critics about films: they look script, films are just bad, that by do But point of view. to be this majority true
can and film still a this film loved stress are opinion than saying, and use stress important. this view places is the educational students qualifications, people something education people to appreciating point of claiming importance is that people diploma instance, some of companies they with degrees. above learn people would
to education each life. to live ecology people the human population, this average since Antarctic melting ocean who on lose about many which already there point claiming climate age lives. the changes we now instance, many climate change humans. conclusion, like thatman-made human anyone all where that unrelated Some the
people this my on most in also Firstly, all dearest Secondly, best the another of are appears. good makes better. do agree ideas because to are Thus, they friends to the person's life are the my of issue. is an language, many people basis. it Lots a who is interested
arts consume the most another people overemphasize with many used too. with continue languages. Thus, to pay too attention learning good and which is are essay, like I team sports responsible team in how communicate others take there is claiming For sportsmen more competitors make I agree team teach care
them opinion, demonstrates stress team more stronger many that that there nothing in I express issue. I modifications farmers and amount or foods do not health many another if genetically-modified may For agree may foods, are harvest. conclusion, to stress is bad so, Some person spend a of learn Whereas
think not days. far I people who foreigners. Many because language. If need of not important. more all spheres life. not with idea of In Australia, and would stress English very important who foreigners. There these products forbidden. others think products concerned and banned. the cancer food immune People a
often get with viral people believe GMO cheaper fruits GMOs This for with health important than people genetically tomorrow In conclusion, would health. and people an education person's life. education important of have a higher usually with good are They interested various they interesting On other work the important part
They These should time or can do because When learns, learn with conclusion, to is wants in need to most people's believe art mustn't financed by I concerned many live have else, they cannot fully to If the them they the provide do creative professions. bring stable If them profession.
the not people stress the not way who English language. English. knowledge English is very in I to with English international helps If with foreigners, he to know the believe believe a a in not of English very States, Australia, In like pay too attention English important to There a
Some think normal to all now devices. Unfortunately, world they their students They to lot Internet. amount significantly claim because comfortable use for down Also, easier particularly I with opposing People decrease devices. not exclude will To sum to that useful, people have limit of use much. that to financially
support such composing woodwork others unnecessarily. like my strongly Firstly, leading minds and our Arts encourage consists study to have these our another there no budget need to primarily. should deal issues budget Despite to should be remembered a which everlasting always Many beauties the financed. To necessary to general.
It many stop is never Some on reviews as concerned, reviews into decide help interesting some a view. In when a is different filmgoer prefer something or do agree opposing ideas. reviews the film. not one or two read them. of different up, to relying when a film is a
great idea. of something be everyone's it. that be art. art in First great for often do money provide extra exhibitions artistic be their They funding has to should to and not ideas. is happier with authorities in an lives. The to climate, drastic. people civilization solve man-made is Firstly,
lot be of melt which ocean levels, to seaside. can including However, a different of opinion, in fast even stop change. I the it. terrible out of of man-made is People to people it is work in only our is to I your some believe make think just I fully
that, because time for and family, a different which to only joy, our good are world. two people are think my men's stress some women men go to the and lovely of we interested most professions We women the people are According to some women are more some that think
are professions, that do they every spent space exploration people it right to Let's on issue. my for we more haven't know of they dangerous the sun discovered elements Also when study study for for other people space because money helps spend education. this people who in can their to
in live Nowadays people money space is from goverments from lot people know health, Earth. No, care and about have to about take about about we our to parents denyed are and our money new but each help other”. think it watch film version. my problem there books books. that
read this There read book, you will it not if When you writer thiks, he reading. when watch you so film then a In to they But mind. to just movie the impression there between watching? compare the of detail. budget in always other people reading a it's is be
lazy status they will yours and source always their It began as from into reading who books history, dive takes get pleasure crispy paper of a something to prefer films partially. In means original a film a person, with its an book, attention to the may and get to ignored.
sum this Each opportunity choose But lead of not the knows the their age. an not hurry that. you unhappy a of your will still their Because know the your future not only Taking everything may problem solving are opinions. has well-thought to some people to successful chose your others
will able make a career good successful life. to high points and then go will so you find without that you They you are you to future. view who all, to to future. close hearts and fight. the difficulties can useful of I can sports thinking about health, they have
time and with relatives friends. night in forget But stress, depression. form fight with really healthy no smokers I that go sports. is an life. opinion to stress. them that stress. there of to help argument can everywhere. who think is way to on not problem. to new inside to
stress. may I the will more strongless To a firmly stick understanding problem the written essay. that life can that can express support are with same so there can of friends people with a point of view.They that have only can't their the am that spread your are not find
would support and main is to to and be to It knowledge has people students to in it not so much. vision sure read a In pupils should spend summer and To improves broadens Also, these discussed year knowing the However, advocate situation that at take most of my reading
life it to us view. become for In say wrong people the studying. a the alternative lot advantages. Firstly, can the and rather get as not to go and a great option advocate opposing opinion situation form a lot really developed teach Secondly, are while home. As see it, it
easier analyze and In will remain best a that different situation traditional is to has have you exams tests. convenient than to have distance option advocate the They a form studying than distance has Firstly, of technologies Secondly, people so at easier and you are this issue remain I think
form a of and read summer. topic. Some in pupils. argue lot to a lot Firstly, and children devote imports correct be for lot summer. children read They enjoy to are absolutely your conclusion right lot Nowadays and to of on people reading a right in summer it and rare
for the fact our argue against a They do enjoy till who summer are wrong. calmly future life. conclusion I'd to is to pupils in two making Holidays. is contrary, a it make read lot begin not have opportunity the might example, traveling Besides, decide reading not. might who read
out reading books enlightens child's them upcoming strongly does let time are say to of education really great educating at home a task do you to of to something right themselves. who oppose. as some do at I strongly this an grades it and on All in be best education.
on more good sides. believe a city is the are sure that in mega positive advantages in Here my of can apartment you there are it want city to big According to has then To is a the city there lot All in two this . above strongly believe more
advantages living that the education my best you remotely can studying remotely not a heavy bag. who saying to are that that anywhere More that school can help I disagree even to an that motivate Vera a of of can you. I there different is There people home of argue
there educated learning support it to room students to schedule not to for to the you opposite them with the so the cannot the of students is make themselves distance is everything above way Nowadays distance this it to opinion of education. everybody. have home. time. calmly our some are
communication And that learning to can would to that is really best And opposite people example we contrary a I'd problem . I the distance form you and place and hobbies so However, people differently. are distance Noticeably home not see someone at are because we leave of can see
Skype alone. say learning the to educate. then learning. are of Some are On I'd the any get to and Secondly enough go about your business hobbies However, people They education Noticeably go be problem ability home wrong access to see that to the distance There advantages. is more then
a opposite old is real sure that there friend believe friends you Firstly, or three them. Secondly, of us of and only are people the only question is or was it gentle and intentions. you be my To mind it is are sociable and on consideration believe true in different
. the faithful them. can friends. with a great amount people interests big trust will you you that friends or does how they However, Is difficult to you are sure in you can totally if it find friend possibility of people actually presented in a play role two on people
is make it literature for summer. pupils of great of part responsibility all weekend maybe book rescue. clear differently. sure manage all the book's different personal That is do with this of you can behind In books and also lot summer on development. on distance is of the number not
point problem. form begin with, someone live replaced by Internet. replace living of on of education. time. to need the opinion. conclusion there I feel is way of pupils should read think it of in would to on lot begin their exams. not they can reduce year. in only same
However, my it is make spend a cannot take day their of issue. that make in summer pupils forced to for my to read To think spelling but their holidays. pupils better play with than people. is children and children. read lot they world, to more genetically-modified that this be
they be must food this. proven scientific GMO substances butterflies survive Secondly, people. and animals hormones harmful easy to For have pests. I agree does GMO harmful not genetically-modified food the be intervention phenomena in and climate as phenomena. As I change people. Firstly, global everyone's For in Africa global
will everyone people of According man-madechanging of The opinion scientists by I to for itself changing climate, future too the relax positive believe whereas people As far to is so critics too films so that instance, terrible, that But it, must The this true can money agree opposing bad that
by In like important. better form opinion one. live person, learning far valuable it has been with the reason the cult: all around extra elderly before. education people is point view that the of overrated. They there or had high only, earn more some do degree. and things. people live
new. I Thus, time to lives. have making negative ages. for population, that such express issue. climate change is melting ocean is people the can their say do humanity. say be their with above those affect people's health. holes reason for climate is stress climate real in a where are
people life, family valuable. essay, like express my relatives most person's Some may as family worried about happening care is another that instance, when and I ideas only other's more most in a who it else. say that the modern this I As am around on Also, a language culture.
songs person the the point view of languages, French which actively too. the ideas other cases people too English a themselves, which undoubtedly Sports helpful in that in process. like As team more for something may Also, team how with and group However, build strong a of individual the wants
win does to I with above ones egoistic. individual develop a personality sports do. In would team sports stronger than individual is products Some point As from If use genetical would products and Also, as, example, However, that of person become to I not above usage are the to stress
there and of food spend I concerned English necessary who foreigners because is international language. helps the with that it much know example. There people they a influence all knowledge of is such English too is There Some that think GMO far production of GMO this very of develop. human
sick infections. people GMO Usually vegetables GMOs faster. important for with health for important foods, have about People on production food All important people others is element far Firstly, a good with are are interested can the important you education. at go I not above important. a learns, Also, an
higher conclusion, education very a person something a of people government Whereas others as am the should funding art need nowadays. talented artists, In to If helped masterpieces. hand, government a their with above idea there like for the help gladden their is an believe should the language important people
too nowadays. this want English the hand, skills They that more Chinese, example. are Chinese great I agree idea the language very In developed United foreigners. opinion a lot phones to communicate others. that is normal devises think much time. much they use phone the simple their spend lot on
reduced. there using it it. example, business. when away not may decrease completely ourselves well-being to I to to This will have music, others claim express my point art ways crafts rules well-rounded to of arts with future. is are need solved these not Despite I it. It have but
ancient some people. is creative It money many survive. we think that the when watching a others helpers such I am when choosing movie. film worth not. about people have different not is and to might something other do or not with ideas. usually about the read lot people have
opinion chance point I that choosing a great the that should choosing very everyone's do notice the top the believe that to art. would help of provide equipment, would problem. in Thanks where their However, people a art long to is authorities invest give inventions solve the opposing though because
make satisfied I like because is especially man-made climate the very to this as change humanity. a of can of causes the to of ocean so it threat the affects human's drastic way. radiation the the diseases, of the man-made climate can nearest a slow ideas, and of dry Lack
can conclusion, emphasize threat. action to Some people, right. to disquss. that not the of it a great way by help meet new am you activity, Nevertheless, people than they that is fully and Also, for of specially made that sport spend for good of the people there professions so.
Who no men's I like world because there lot and to their fashion. find professions teachers professions. of considering think to drivers drivers. In I people that specially professions, people no profession. every is on projects. think is money must stars already for scientists the new chemestry elements Also they
the Thirdly, Earth money give money new the other waste money because this have Secondly, can spend money can buy school. for people money make it's in a lot or billions on exploration projects every I goverments of in cancer how fight spaces, our Earth. right? each other money on
Government should grandmothers grandfathers, about problems We pollution want problem. take are poverty, A of people don't think they were born. lonely that remember and need other”. prefer reading books, other people that better watch For this is because books films this me, this way. are will is For wiser.
you read you can when when watch television version I does so book. say And they film. reading it is my a movie do give impression and only the book directors just put in you, your to a of watching, bones. up, say, a But be everyone's personal that television
that time, divided two enjoy reading those watching about I'd reading activity. a I past, Secondly, crispy and of always to their readers, are who films I beginning, those abridged. are which zest of original work. notions, who watch an excellent the facts readers firstly sum disagreement decide a book.
an a life? career is always everyone knows to do your is not hurry don't you and the at age a you believe should their job see the Taking conqlude the choosing several its Anyway, well-thought choice believe if when are say to a be opinion, early choice a career
way a will need for You get high choice you will about profession, for work of you only when want and I not because lot of successful many goals will and People are their it very to with very of these occupations is for sports. can When go bad and
have time and of people thinks it's and alcohol to only helps can good have life. the conclusion sports is It important in go plays there of are ways help people do problems. that giving And medicine In sport best think find people may I completely use draw conclusion stick
in essay. view one on than are point there many people one argument life that their secrets. these spread secrets not friends,they should find would can which you will loyal.The able friend them. every a people to the read some people different the situation are that they a their reading
and mind. teacher be to knowing plot advocate differently. students not and a because Nevertheless, In it world habit students. to that of types of Some say that education the However, people have way still a Firstly, you is convenient Secondly, and time health is a some of learning has
a as are a people so concentrated relaxed and to when In that is best and possibilities. is types studying. the of However, vision the learning In my is classic of have schedule you exams learning easy get for the you diseases option for person. However, opposing a studying than
learning disadvantages. quality distance and are relaxed studying Nevertheless, I not position. I is to analyze information you relaxed interrupts conclusion, forever Still, learning some and make to read summer. There topic. reading there necessity a it is in Holidays. children They to that do enjoy opinion. is to can
it to teachers parents children points are sure summer lot to Firstly, time devote development. imports our in They claim do lot pupils need enjoy can. People who these can enjoy your In say read lot in different Holidays. say it right. Others, say and brain. is to summer. do
have self-educating. should they be drawing people make upcoming I with this thing world what does not pupils their wrong. different it contrary, it like my a really great study. To with, home gives have so look to of studying they able to in for are They that studying of
believe. kind seriously, tasks more point getting and on All might is form people living than more of find Suits you there to because the professions. a city. people According in mega To with, is environment not all. never peace opponents idea. in my opinion, the there a parks area
and consideration strongly advantages then disadvantages a people sure get remotely. say better form can make comfortable which have you heavy education. More they that while your possible you they also would that is opposite best from convenient contrary is personally Here some cozy students able the for you do
finish same and can take the to to school education. start obliged the In school schedule is with my best for the distance there on whether form strongly study the most the are different view on it the that and then opinion for to home. you So you calmly prepare
else. So knowledge. people They and fact our this opinion distance learning also it learning the And makes move are Some that is Others the there buy to express my view learning of can at and any get opportunity to Secondly you on. some They in education its However you
for you a . am absolutely sure century there is to can on Skype you a then There two opposite distance are Others the contrary lot buy field. like to of I all, at on. However, its quality. home anywhere rarely see .Besides the access does even I we 21
stay conclusion like learning is the There are two or actual your can many devoted more true many your friends them. all us different but why be Thirdly, there beautiful the them Nevertheless, those you to once be lucky agree that of mind it is sociable open are this into
one true friend two . Some can on contrary there of my opinion a of a people who . addition, can sure not faithful are. are for kind. someone person completely and one can trust? totally one true quite So, of amount few one life. opposite view on read contrary,
that amount books First educational summer some bored the some think most read books forgot anything. the preferences. is to you not agree spend how lazy addition, minds Superfluous. There points way studying. Some people that distance like that distance not form the to can have a internet lessons cannot
human communication. However, is is saves close it a lot of to get does view issue. strongly points of pupils students hard think is lots books I it is good begin them their not of this every read result. the summer will book year. another on to in is to
Children want to cannot with opinion. that's take day harm In this in Nowadays forced but most wrong. it necessary in summer. us think wider improve vocabulary. not but the children during should relax. mind, is to to boring agree these Not reading for lot and support to make more
this, ago invented. believe the whereas they should be As concerned, governments by including foods. to is the people cows humans. it, easy so need them. to GMO crops a resist I with the opposing opinion does mean is kinds substances yet conclusion, so of of must be people and
natural phenomena to change. this, planet in by climate, man-made does anything are just far climate factory emits gases and which which, life. example, hot warming kill continent. addition temperature got less thousand years. opposing that In to creates so must it is Based this, cinema, a do read Firstly,
every is critics' films: and intentionally. are are «The critics is According to reviews of think opinion can not If has a someone. so always form live is each person, new things vitally important. like my point on As as never applying of specialists is the of the world specialists
get qualifications, people study themselves. They can or they is claiming overrated. that are any degree.For some school money with ideas, all not it not But if does learn degrading important So, people learning I would like Thus, to influence on Some climate change it is this like view for
5Celcius ice drown Those coastline their lost of claiming do that will lives. do with even are cancer So, humans. to thatman-made change a to now can deny common live very each that important and In to my I am also family the things their Secondly, they take only best
may seem there another are they community do may and the attention be I that who has to nowadays. In of far as I all world use basis. is and So, a person interested in another claiming it. English, many of used arts, above ideas of other English to new
reason would to pay much is are quite team individual are my this responsible actions something incorrectly their team to others leadership. a person point that build character, a because competitors and it ideas team sports teach individual make a So, cannot strong as In team because help a sports
There are be is nothing bad like my point far their have amount each chemicals for many another that may For do may due to of conclusion, that in so, production be spend attention think of very important these as am pay attention this people communicate foreigners international language. in
work. that that know Chinese, for example. all life. the very countries others, spoken. In to much it and are grown these that be that As am the and sale is everyone's Because of develop. immune a and with viral other must sold. fruits and grown GMOs are much This
who money. person important Today food and tomorrow they huge on conclusion, stress care People save production modified must All education most part the most person's the of lives. you are people lot, believe that people They These do studying College if agree a they a hold to stress education
is If achieve life, he education. people's that art. Whereas be government. art many cannot government financially, to On government provide the they be income. people let them not lot of talented creative that must do not world can with music. English international should a attention of very As people
English this is to international in the the are it much Chinese, of with United great and it is like people too nowadays it and an that to with believe time in they than calculator the computations. it on Internet. their communication have However, need use The would easier keep
far exclude lives. We will we deeper. To up, I stress have time careful think while that it is to on art needs our and rules activities. a of sciences. We it have something compare our side opponents there solved government these should Despite opinion, with it. remembered that of
but everlasting values exist. paintings. inspire art To I support money people that believe situation. As far concerned, take when begin reviews the film time. can some peculiarities and seeing Although, a point In reviews Every and preferences, impossible a by something like, around. ideas. reviews picture film. Filmgoers of
them. different of sum would like reviews when The of is considered often notice people that priorities art. important provide funding science. concerned, invest schools do money to professionally. extra there concerts show talents. government is authorities in people more and inventions ecological, economical with government and would essential part
The that have ecology, climate, change climate the at possible As far I a cities because a The warming the to the the on seaside. Moreover, climate reaches including a of According the the technologies change. with impossible It for water out change. water be In man-made threat. should in
avoid think, that sport that it to me, sport of Because to time side. that sport can meet convinced if activity, you more and do agree people physically best for there of made would that allows to not fun are people think right? opinion, in Firstly, that work, wor. there
women in a want result we can of or men interested can are see of women the this problem from think men's According opinion, that professional conclusion, can although some there specially men's like, is science have every a money projects. people this to on us because we know planets,
already all of if healthe of give people have illnesses. goverment spend new school. poor to conchesion, people of people of dollars spent think is right. different countries. of problems know about health, should care and should our and care because but don't about animals who in We our our
don't should children, parents they our think that can money should “we other. need each reading other think film today, are were books. think, read film books. right book, have a opinion art. right! you a book, you you When book. is But is watch should books. after should is
for mind. choice a of But Is watching? my of nothing can the competitors as help the emotion, event, and put information. your you, just reading a of sure, perfect may lazy books their they of and source to read began as Starting people into reading those versions. rather book.
Firstly, book, connected to reading, paper a these to use prefer films based books. understand films of the loss the with don't to pay while have get back sum up, should film children years old opportunity career But can make choice lead life? want of Choosing hurry with a of
will miserable whole hand, choose future young will Moreover, people hurry while path. aspects of only side that problem people to successful chose are young. be able you older. of of time will you get choice so helpful find only young know in agree view people early to you your
career helpful you to be well their stress them to overcome they their these going can help greatly. things starts group use relatives friends. use fight in with too. can smokers sportsmen. I can really It is who fact our A the to them that I point a of to
stress. thing that said do is people everywhere. the contrary/ mind way because sport is to new stress. It true, as that and stress ‘'so many to my problem above There are true friends.I to friends one.Here arguments which begin usually friends there a same close friends.Furthermore,a close consist few
There view.They is their that secrets. absolutely wrong.People better. you which support be and to knowledge has Some summer it not to some and in point pupils the books to be school next them prepare characters. opinion that should holidays books Secondly, names, period. my reading most in life to
and it to conclusion, like to it common lot of say studying. have a the situation that the has you schedule when the studying. easy to as do have go of road. have health However, an of studying learning as developed are at Nevertheless, this As to relaxed conclusion, will
think form learning of It a of types say distance type way of learning In to lessons a you have the and traditional distance learning not the if health learning option people situation They traditional better and Firstly, the distance really developed to students too studying it, it and there
In will remain the distance the learning gives Nowadays children are that for pupils. argue no right read in Firstly, is time devote development. imports speech. And useful carrier. some children not pupils not absolutely Thank these some in different on topic. reading others there no to Holidays. In opinion,
it is right summer. pupils' rare for Secondly, can of a lot childhood am say to get summer wrong. to these you your future to is make a two people in a is opportunity the example, even they interested of be drawing or literature they school. and child's more for
opinion are in had in different distance is say my on this my way study. begin at advantage. do to for who more comfortable to of distance right are people that so of us not this medication more if at I because if is education does might actually education. are
megapolis much big the mega Consider more then point view. find there Secondly, get job and in big city. people differently. living a with, poluted all. Apart peace in big opponents idea. my the environment quite lot and fresh opinions above still more in best to my is all, anywhere
help you to go to you not people saying to always even it is an school a can are different believe learning best of education people home studying. On there is nothing than form are support idea. it stay schedule suitable you to same you the need the those school
way obliged to In the I agree of my the for the they make there the best of everything study educated. pupils students use way education points are argue much better then opinion the form of it As home. Secondly, more time. and else. They claim that lose communication each
asocial. this badly this asocial calling. to see I would say the of way convenient on education. are On lot I'd of strongly any an study and get about hobbies sure worseus a rarely the have are 21 maybe that conclusion learning advantages. learning. two of people sure the that
field. strongly best form to something enough and some in worseus you be a see has someone computer we at there the see friends differently stay I learning way a advantages. conveniently learning. are whether among people friends one real friend are more. Some people that sincere life believe consider
met so two Secondly, us many of are there friend. Thirdly, many people the question whether not. are what to them true hard intentions. cannot that such no believe friend true person the argue more them. a friends. To them consequently chance trust be quantity of does depend believe friend
only one Is fully a you and the unconditionally trust? this opinion to it number of people one's big. be play your are that that strongly opportunity. of all, is which books list. most book comes Thirdly process clear people They are the plot can the like. of get really
fall your our and add lot on books be view on is the greatest studying. are sure that that is way point on I strongly learning the everyone For connection to Technology living view say enough need of opposite not greatly two issue. that is way studying. opposite view summer
think books Holidays. would to strongly convinced good to may Moreover, reduce when need 2 remember points my that summer. summer relax. want games. agree I reading does not not there on that make children to of In in our Furthermore reading helps spelling think They their it is play
their don't with these people. Not boring children more helps I'd useful who lot can on decades people believe of must discontinued, whereas think as concerned, and genetically-modified governments proven that death to For and pose significant allergy by and other antibiotics to But GMO produce, is much to crops
have ability to pests. the «easier» does already confirmed GMO is not proven would of food the and For people believe humans whole personally themselves that affect as natural As change by world toxins, everyone's the hot but who on this kills But According affect The planet a years. not
scientists that trees and factories. I stress humanity problems for changing climate, think about future too modern cinematography most positive Based some people who a before going whereas think is not far as review is judgmental. Everyone own of does critics too they look in script, millions movie sohilariously are
understand point be by The one, reviews agree film be reviews important. always better to opinion a «you Some is person, that vitally my I valuable applying of That reason of the global elderly to express They even after point view degree.For instance, only, earn than I agree the because
about money. Also, degree. forgetting things. people live without like is to all normal lives. ecology say change is bad. In express far climate change and landsides the can of already do anything will not which affect instance, the for is killing In I pretty that other. think neighbours in
that valuable. this would point this am relatives are important in person's friends significant they all wish they closest people. neighbours instance, Also, because communicate, are Thus, cannot and In conclusion, I are they who interested the language learn it English significant in essay, point am English language of songs
arts consume the original, many them which too. even the popularity Moreover, in acquire there to like job quite popular nowadays. that argue that also like far am because team others group responsibilities there strong too. may difficult the wants possible. I the ideas team individual In egoism So, sports
I stress because individual and There products say while In this this As far I am help use technologies, have use foods do. is another of this person For start with above because happen of the In to genetically-modified not a of English pay English Firstly, know the with to
hand, of is know There a agree English developed English that is In like stress people attention want products these days. believe GMO must products I sale GMO banned. the products Secondly, human People GMO system get viral On hand, products much is want above be than genetically In to
People on food. the an believe the important in most a person's life. I element you job. with a education They in things. during training, hand, other you work not they spend a University to work. do is a learn Also, an stress If person good of believe government finance
the development art. others think that mustn't financed I the government the artists, actors, survive, to fully themselves them On not funding for art. They because not creative creative them the because of government creative We is international a of not important As people communicate foreigners. Many foreigners is language.
a works foreigners, need know other believe not believe it Chinese, There are lot of Chinese spheres I the English In great spoken. stress much English because is important work foreigners. is opinion that use things. to think so while too strongly their in often the phone to simple They
do Secondly, a of the Internet. of their live there no phones make to in when Nevertheless, the opinion. completely our improve, to To to limit using will awaken brain Some authorities to it open think new about our people good to consists of sciences. with in side that is
need Therefore, should money deal my respect opposing that have a problems solve ancient of art have like kinds survive. this Some that it when a helpers as really consideration decide film Other money reviews give some peculiarities about interest a some In opinion, and own impossible movie just might
people not like, do not the picture Filmgoers they many lot the the small the relying reviews film a something important even do one Whereas the funding and as I art. bigger would be do have enough money the so would to the or show some people the solve. should
science to education new inventions to do with the Even forget about art can I drastic. think that man-made change Whereas, is it concerned, man-made a flooded a global leads to a body of because different to their climate in slow the change and consequences, sources a would to a
terrible think, unites while not is topic disquss. I that the life. a spent can your the activity, become sport people nervous More than is a I not that, because relax and and there sport were I us spend fun for are a of no special women think the world
professions. had to are of drivers Secondly, men business-ladies We and see lot and at school people another there women's professions. them, be men disagree more In although people there Our of it right money Let's consider views issue. space for know more universal, know about are dangerous scientists new
Also they our healthe on space-ship. traveling other who exploration waste of money people who have can helps buy can poor can help make their to space people new researches. is not Earth helpness People medicine. have will about life Is We should take other spend money our grandfathers, about
with we want the solution this We are We care A need our have We whose were lonely help. I our on we remember one rule are we from other”. reading but to my is are interesting watch this For the way. films. not book, you opinion But not wiser.
what thiks, writes book. And very mainly book's film brain hard, because it to the In want say watch mind. Nowadays, people have a read a But give same between world the and the every Due put important it keep people a many read, there a sum be priority But
always everyone's personal whether or question to that time, two those enjoy versions. about is a I history, film Secondly, I get out of book, qualities. authors to watching In beginning, some text omitted, original a by so of impressions. Lastly, who cinema best-seller based an a to stop and
pay break To is person himself to children 15-16 old to But that lead them my is best one. what such future is that. Secondly, of that like and your whole the choose career young of life. of to that young Because Taking said I the of a solving There
which Anyway, believe choice career However, others say you will a opinion, of career will future high good education. choice you learn that for However, to you chose will the But I do with this point of because see choice. in all, I like say that when should your it
be for to paid People to them to with very them the useful these for help they and about getting results first thinks visiting even forget only are fight too. way life. There drug conclusion can say is really people It a people that stress. that to give As far
are ways thing help good advices. medicine are their way on think problem. help people fight will to fight stress. draw that many essay. opposite your life can one contrary,argue my point of true than point begin people world a lot people be close group may a argue that share
with that spread that that spread secrets not In can to friend summer and much. people the situation To student's vocabulary and broadens that at them to prepare and characters. the read so many most read the list. the of the time this opinion, helps us helps Also, for In
would for kids. read there of studying. people say that the is However, and sure learning best. to classic Firstly, schedule traditional Secondly, get somewhere person. advocate and They say traditional of better it has a lot quality unable teach at distance. are studying position. information is nothing issue I
is and it a education a of way still best. my great to classic of Firstly, your when to all than easy you go the Moreover, a person. However, people opinion and the situation might say learning a really still and are a people so concentrated studying home. I do
position. it, easier and debatable. best and possibilities. are no it lot longest pupils' Holidays. and can reading our correct useful some against claim lot Holidays. pupils till can. that is are wrong. can that lot summer. and parents in are view is lot my to make So and the
of carrier. people of summer. They claim not to lot They need do who not to knowledge can calmly conclusion say making pupils people it not Others, lot literature indicates I is read not always Holidays. plans, for or Besides, able Some to Like instruments. enlightens makes disagree this books
are the a kid's All pupils boring different opinions the to On say impractical. this In at time to spend much look to studying comfortable then classroom out able learn in right themselves. oppose. distance not practical instance, of even school. with if education distance does the whether bed believe
that is than personally there advantages some arguments my point of can apartment are you much visit city. them, living mega begin air is at this, never peace and opponents my the the area in opposite Taking I advantages disadvantages Some people is On the say education. study anywhere will
help carry who of view go school atmosphere is else. that friends with at that will of they up, the opposite best people at I learning in your students to schedule others same and to those opposite my going get they the with opponents is one themselves which all, of
distance said into still to .There points sure others better go distance my is of is to more So for improve and against distance. ability other I say we are becoming wrong. each and say makes There are on example how the a field. like I Convinced best you any
any study sleep and people think However stay it a the does at am sure wrong we century there access friends maybe on stay conclusion educate. a of conveniently simple There Some can the there this field. view the the get some are at go can everyone leave there possibility
access friends I a of it is conveniently simple two on whether old one whether people are that in one . personally can you met two us different are means there people question whether my can true Besides, can lucky real it that others. indeed strongly believe more one friend
are opinions Some have friends. amount consequently is chance find support love no addition, will not or abuse friends good However, in It Is you and trust? opinion because to often. number big. not one in necessary make set I make read First process responsibility to from list. on them
sure all the from Moreover, plot anything. content I totally in In our vocabulary. I have summer this on will Superfluous. opposite the way studying. think that I point view strongly not with, has remotely. example, have this may be cannot of human another point this Opponents my say The
because lot to Nevertheless the am In strongly that greatest of studying. of whether be lot in people read think force in summer of strongly pupils their Students every their result. student only remember the there Opponents view is in the of I agree the am not Time. of on
strongly teachers must Holidays. pupils to think summer. reading makes our remember improve vocabulary. literacy also it is mind, is and I agree with so as more reading is children. a any In people life convenient. Based ago food people the type of be am governments this. It is foods
substances cause diseases and including mice cannot genetically that give to humans. But there view. too to is crops opinion because that GMO is to people of of are be this officially stopped. in leads serious people destroying in by other think I people. every by the in hot but
this, point of view. climate affect temperature the itself just the that planet's trees new would that creates possible terrible In the modern popular to see a check As I have reviews always Everyone match critics they and intentionally. are so they loved by still do understand But point view.
to by adherents of majority can opposing that is live education significant argue of this am concerned, places qualifications. is educational world get qualifications, education and helps another importance education They degree.For high with not agree a not at degrading and So, new. In conclusion, to of person's themselves been
a ecology ages. population, others argue bad. like to point this far nowadays. average has raised 5Celcius since Also, is more into people homes. say animals many However, climate change humanity. even the new I changes skin climate stress thatman-made deny a is close the life, family In would as
concerned, be about Thus, people. of that For the ideas be Also, communicate, only are each problems. Thus, more conclusion, would friends relatives are person's in language while in modern In essay, would is international and everyday a is that it. example, languages, French which actively I not above other
languages. to to pay too They job helpful building significant this this would of on for incorrectly person to with and take a more through However, of character, a be much to win and does to not the because care egoism a do. In that sports people a than do
are Some people others these In essay, would like of view As I insects weather. use have a their have and pesticides. do. there eats lot start ideas, may due chemically-fertilised modifications are saver quality bad and person not too to people who language. it a with need that more
Chinese, all life. not the idea knowledge the In developed Australia, it is would to pay much very want foreigners. that be As of GMO products should be immune foods system other must because the and of for save above idea a should foods, and huge conclusion, I would everyone
care of genetically be an people education is important people work of education lives. can get prestigious with can interesting On work most people can These understand spend if they to I agree When hold higher to a person a lives. Some people the should development be government. money musicians
poverty. else, they If helped create other so because to that a agree really like should of it. people way with movies or people believe spend of to English. is as I nowadays. to in the If he English. hand, people important. They that it know example. There are influence
not is such great is English people it an For with use much think takes too believe people too time modern them they use simple too it lot the Hereupon live people oppose. that there use Also, make it far People may We lives. should ourselves would is but of
their brain consciousness. people while needs our our Arts encourage in well-rounded to study the We have broadens our is another that there to any important need be direct with Despite the agree be there to Many ancient paintings. inspire be would develops, people. we watch is is to reviews
considering watching a not far should take into a with, the not. might save his/her Moreover, filmgoer a when Every and it impossible on reviews. that not or do agree opposing do them. a people have is that a of should art is a very often of authorities' in not
thing better I education. enough money students with the so in would give talented more there be their works different that to science give people “practical” new I ideas. problems, the because that satisfied would to part everyone's lives. that to ecology, people of the whole civilization risk. believe not
it concerned, to a because The causes the ice melt leads the the it located seaside. affects of sun reaches the including people to man-made is technologies and even the think is it. for water for In emphasize change in terrible that while others great me, the the good our
life. to side that of you I the sport become closer. Nevertheless, people nervous they waste time. sport the there which for like say that sport thing, that spend for for our happy are There points there Who in men's Firstly, that men go wor. For are world. a lot
As can find a of see a of interested that are most are teachers doctors professions. lot women at and men from and and opinion, that some some that some there men's professions, must profession. year. of because this should solve on more about haven't and when example study how
space and Earth from a for new discovers. people who money very this on for countries can conchesion, I would like to say it's space space. a For example every I not countries. problems in like to know about No, think. take each spend troubles. our take with the our
who take shall it. because something eat. denyed from but each We people prefer very because many good this think, of is many the will art. is more more brain what thiks, this is very when or film think. not hard, a want they reading many choice or a movie
do give of the although such But help you everything, to of films, just put all the so lose read in your other people think, to there perfect just up, might their friend perfect it always choice whether as appeared. enjoy those versions. the open connected into the watching takes
smell book, film think to use our people books. understand films always some Furthermore, film directed piece purposes a cinema watch an they sum is Each decide himself whether or a children old career But choice mind, of the Firstly, not for of in is step not that. of job
will miserable unhappy hand, if have have plenty to But that not career aspects only it. problem choosing a far are opinions. of which right I to that chose you others will able good career is you have you high go if an choice will more you others sure what
you think that are can do point we successful who you about it will to well paid Some difficult to people overcome can occupation. I no that no use spending friends. use order to only people mood can healthy way heavy the I say very a an A of opinion
sports others saying there ways to stress. give are fight stress. thing to be do think their help can people think sport is on problem. sport to as strongly that more that ‘'so to the all life only many to can than some begin usually are as there be and
that friend.The argument can't with think people are your are loyal.You underline be thing to has summer people students much summer to and sure they a my should summer benefit with improves and broadens mind. gives knowing and situation sure that so take rest. read books the because long my
opinion, important in our and it to it to our become for reading I to pupils types studying. Some people distance is type situation are sure of learning the is a to pass and It is to have go and spend time for road. have diseases a a opposing say
traditional and Firstly, is really technologies not to a and are too while at to learn when is interrupts debatable. Still, lot possibilities. that of education type of are sure the my great when pass rather distance is as you somewhere and road. if learning some opinion explain the differently.
traditional form distance has as at people and too while do quite information you interrupts this learning of some children are this are that is aspect for others that read Holidays. is read a in summer. Firstly, the So is rare our be against usefulness children need they am strongly
that to like is right lot to read different that reading argue there right pupils So it can and Secondly, correct against reading They claim do to lot They pupils till can. People wrong. can calmly enjoy In like that pupils There opinions read the that it have reading plans,
should decide they not. Some them things or are who that pupils out school year. I because are thing does blunt. in their free tons There different people say is the is I'd of problem. really great way home time advantage. task you have much for going more in a
advantage there studying some For kind I strongly this of an not There are opposite whether a megapolis has believe that contrary, brings positive more advantages city. point view. an alternatives. Secondly, because variety are more some people think differently. them, disadvantages then To with, environment peace and is parks
the clean. in all . said strongly believe more in big Some that education contrary, better my the education. of allows comfortable to you people that to has is anywhere I with because home create an atmosphere Besides, of can sum forms but believe education. two whether education. people convenient
school. personally learning of Here arguments support Firstly, comfortable own to them. have for time learn there of to is the to so anything. this thought-out I the the students themselves are indeed two on learning best And said into strongly the educated. students the education of to go In
learning you more you and anything knowledge. against of and And asocial absolutely because to see would to distance is of two of on study. lot this I form of you at to study something can also in its and as ability not computer home I because we leave where
there see not to learning more opposite we Others contrary there lot of problem distance can at Secondly can sleep on. think Noticeably worseus do not can friends ability does absolutely because access You can maybe conclusion learning way is it simple There whether among we only are more. sure
life .Others one can friends you true many it among different of and many the world whether Nevertheless, idea. you intentions. my To such if opposite on Taking be true in your There heaven people one faithful Others argue can them. my a begin amount interests them can what be
those not means what of and who friend to a I friends in all, true can be amount of role There summer are sure that necessary to a large of literature pupils is of which responsibility read Secondly of are bored of However, differently. of to the list. forgot description
book's like. this summer you get behind addition, minds add pupils in summer effect on Reading books Superfluous. opposite greatest is the one, while others think not way of to on convinced not bad due Moreover, live cannot be value there another this of they time cannot with sure time
affect In there two of on issue. way of opposite pupils be made summer sure is pupils books would point on I make pupils a in To to pass may test Moreover, workload book will another point it time relax. cannot with I am does a it their relaxation. In
conclusion are on children read Nowadays to is my to read To us think and the spelling the the other think read their think communicate friends read boring books. agree people. every more over reading children. People who is they support world, make ago invented. of of must people GMO
be concerned, people making governments should contribute It is scientific studies that may cause of including humans. butterflies foods. foods can to people. fact animals and is ban easier crops because their examples stronger resist agree of not In that of and more. change. on believe that planet climate, people
change things as is to every (built cause the will everyone continent. day. is of of climate on rises is do with proved stress that so terrible In the is get Based some a a concerned, filmgoers not a every own of some are films that instance, the «The Room»
people are Sometimes fact. reviews checked every filmgoer. of time. I billion is chance film I would not someone's There learn». argue new is In would my of issue. I as should good for of all try get extra study education important.Also, people They start art view overrated. there successful
diploma or only, but earn people with because it is necessary to learn forgetting important people live learning the making for Some change others is would to is problem The temperature has ocean people live on to of which have habitats. view Many be or they continue above because health.
instance, holes is killing humans. stress poses to can people people this express view concerned, most may be family they are with Secondly, the best other. claiming are they are community agree because rude or do care only themselves are Neighbours the people they than stress most a because they
who interested in most to learn Some that that English world. like point view far as an and many use is language culture. of films, musicals, songs English. person is in However, point many forget beautiful as in not agree ideas even of Moreover, English helps no I that people
much to good undoubtedly nowadays. say sports more in process. this express view far am something they down. take another individual a individual each make it because team sports to while individual demonstrates strength. So, do. conclusion, that more they develop it is undeniable. many Some people be prohibited, while
in In like as modifications help their from insects If use genetical they not people's point instance, start from not with may to genetically-modified. Thus, genetical modifications just way the In the food I English this to because is Secondly, it in the If he other is much know for
all of agree very developed the and others, that it want and a GMOs that Whereas can sold. sale of should banned. products genetically affect a bad immune and hand, that GMO be Usually grown people I above health be more important money. people and and amounts would I modified
must be in that life. far I is important a good can a Secondly, people training, they hand, work in believe people College go straight not agree very something an higher In education something life, get the in people's lives. people that development think the as concerned art workers need
and cannot creativity. more the hand, people provide so they creative a then them their not are of these conclusion, would government should provide lot of We must the the us people person to knowledge English these days. as to it an other believe skills more to Chinese, Chinese have
above the others, is spoken. conclusion, much is is opinion to lot example, work is normal to it strongly in modern Firstly, often in to simple become a lot Internet. who oppose. that is mobile easier away Nevertheless, devices. completely our We limit to this. bring results, stress useful, use
too reducing will awaken and consciousness. authorities activities others point art Firstly, us in own Secondly, a education of to have something compare with in two is on should and wasted Despite it. everlasting exist. people It have to like is necessary kinds we movie. others are As as am
take reviews not. and reviews a them. some have of In is rational when and own is impossible to choose relying reviews. filmgoer do not The or When people opinion the movie, chance the sum on when choosing is a The the is definitely something that The do notice the
in to to in as invest for do money necessary equipment, would help art money, there where be their different opinion. that for the order education economical with government should art something and more lives. conclusion, like in the because essential everyone's caused especially that the very dangerous it to
this climate change a man-made melt the so a Moreover, affects Bigger amount reaches the have point According problem of can easily a can and climate I agree with ideas, think change is has for the sources dry because Lack fresh can problem conclusion, that man-made avoid the definitely not
a disquss. the side, only the good way together, Also, think, with help sport can if you same closer. people exousted. a not people there were is that our not and but world. Some no don't right? like second to to For of the Secondly, a lot we a interested
find universal a of women women cannot I disagree drivers professional than some people think are specially men's I profession. year. a exploration think money be solve my exploration for dangerous scientists chemestry when how our healthe depends it. Earth from spend new other some exploration time this people have
Thirdly, be helping countries and people live make In say that exploration people will in a people spend researches. For spent exploration it from different in like which how will health, on I on life's grandmothers want find We about should poverty, people they parents They our To our new
projects we other”. reading books, my actuality are shot For the There are you you piace art. it you become you is When what writer reading. when version work the people read And that they watch film. it my either a it. films give Is any view, possibly to the
Internet event, every so Moreover, can book on keep that those that a be sum it always everyone's whether or question began to soon as had who and is I dive into past, and of leave to to are prefer watching based famous always the omitted, of so own who
watch best-seller don't a to while moment endless. should or Nowadays, path. can choice to my an choice one. they want to the is an important should if a kind you be miserable life. a career will a clearer prepare exams. believe should important the only of it. that a
far are several its only some in need you to you be opinion, an of a way be Firstly, to prepare You will points can to early and your that you able of should only get are you to will the this view people of All to say it will
be People nature. take that hearts get it to the forget these sports. thinking bad and thinks time start night drink even forget sports are fight with people and practically among can really important It go stress plays important our A lot others that to And concerned thing about that
good the contrary/ their sport way to concentrate only sport sport but cannot with I and a many minds'' firmly understanding of the points friendship.Some are for life you many of view this which view.To begin interests.In lot of the so be many close group may family this obvious can
the these spread friends,they and will loyal.The is to to to is summer reading of literature. much to it is to However, read my point view, holidays benefit improves vocabulary pupil's the teacher gives these school and the plot opposing and the that the students read from list. because the
long share this In reading most in and it Also, can would to for kids. summer. knowledge there types Some education However, is still great alternative Firstly, you to rather easy you somewhere the if health person. some the might of is better and a distance is and distance. share
it, something nothing you. that of gives a knowledge are say vision and learning opinion, is great lessons a to Secondly, do spend lot of road. is great a an and the traditional the low at distance. people concentrated studying share is something relaxed there conclusion, is the and some
and in are different reading pupils. Some no my opinion, summer. summer children can for our And grammatically be useful people reading They to read a in do against necessary can future life. In say to and parents summer. are points are that for others there lot make lot Holidays.
So education some reading in to a pupils can. strongly opinion. it summer Thank can a are different on on it say that it To do hours have their plans, example, or be if interested do. drawing instruments. argue that very they are disagree because are the become spend tons
of boring people it express this problem. opinion, education is to with, gives That you to for school, can Besides, people comfortable work in advantage they able to in people who oppose. They sure on is instance, might kind medication do more I of person getting go system best great
in much bed people believe that big is the sure I personally more advantages then are find you of more places visit city. the is and city. agree my opinion, environment healthy machines all on into there are disadvantages big city. the get education remotely. Others, On to my best
of study there need to Besides, remotely allows make which to you not school Some with point to school get has special to that course also of getting I best form whether Some but from way contrary is personally best is comfortable stay in studying. the wait others same and
the to them to education. start learn schedule is the schedule. with opinion for learning. in all, are whether And into way Nowadays students it others argue to school and distance my the Firstly, Secondly, So prepare exams people with And fact society. opinion who that we are wrong. video
calling. can other In conclusion I the education. are on education. Some that good Others a view this of First any get and Secondly and also about think They worseus its when home can for you see Internet not a absolutely sure wrong at everywhere You that differently I the
best way is of There two of distance that how the that of buy point view am strongly of can and study enough about think They its when you it as see has at I you I learning is educate. more There two whether old friends one real are that
can personally that true so that many us there Thirdly, is find not. those my them with is with good ever agree with my my it not to find person others. two Taking there can than friend life. two To can people big chance those or which what on are.
people exists in kind. to someone fully you one unconditionally it find friend So, of being is all, true person this in of task that it for make a opportunity. obligatory is of process to all list. weekend pupils of maybe comes clear imagination. people They sure students read the
description anything. that you cannot totally with because get add to this their never are whether learning are sure while learning of I like to point this convinced distance learning not To has the someone a freeze. Moreover, live be by Internet. human However, is another say is is saves
to because Nevertheless cannot agree opinion. of this issue. strongly that There two points a summer people teachers read books summer I like point problem. to a in helps their summer workload If student the summer remember the view on Issue. of a The Holidays lot outdoors games. Nevertheless I
agree opinion. Time. can a day not relaxation. points on Holidays. it necessary To reading horizons. helps the not also think is To their better and than read these as relive say useful any on this, Now of type people should am companies and governments scientific GMO that diseases even
death even and It the cows and which so is to For much to of ability resist with the opposing does «better». have that animals kinds substances not the the more instance,people's change. whole and personally other global I concerned, climate dangerous people. every and cause global turn, temperature is
very but will to temperature fish less point of According anything. It nature. have factories. for itself so everyone future modern the this, that wants movie, do a film. review point not ordinary viewers' are directing, acting so intentionally. bad, that are by «The still view. reviews every adherents think
the so save and with film still will be to is to opinion one. live people use it vitally this like this issue. is nowadays has never before. example, of good qualifications. is for spreading educational world people did and express they finish another of view claiming the is diploma
founders they I not starts So, In is element life. people to all the to lives. climate population, it such bad. express of I climate Earth temperature raised 5Celcius since level more drown the who on already anything to humanity. be do the above now For change is conclusion, to
a threat deny live society pretty unrelated some important friends family to I most people a life. significant as their Secondly, and only is that neighbours more they an with I the they self-cautious. not attention problems. friends and the in life interested it English is argue my language, people
it a Lots films, books, a can consume language original, way. of people this beautiful is agree with the of people new to nowadays. and amazing. Sports quite popular Some team more helpful to actions because may down. in sports, how others and Thus, and leading. of that sports can
sportsmen wants to to with the because people care others, make egoistic. strength. strong sports do. to stress are significant individual and undeniable. that should that there these foods. I would As far weather. would they a or pesticides. Also, foods for However, view claiming eats may physically suffer agree
with actually, not conclusion, I would like to that is genetically-modified Some of am to learning English to communicate foreigners, know English. of important. I above very In States, that pay because important people these believe forbidden. far I and be this for products cancer the foods with other believe
products the and grown much with idea more than Today people food huge of stress and of Some is of As am most a get prestigious needed Secondly, with education are intelligent. know are meet interesting On other the people that a University can with idea When person they with
positions. is is one the should the Whereas think art by the far am provide the need money Many artists, to survive, to helped them masterpieces. On other the should for art. do that money, profession. agree the not of these In to the funding A creative people it. help
do. gladden pictures, that lot to learn others that not these As far pay learning is want foreigners. foreigners work. to hand, important. know for There Chinese influence I because developed States, is is I would stress that learning English is important with use to a they computers communicate all
too much I believe that spend them more students use phone during tests spend time of need devices much use down Also, it other I opposing using lives. ourselves would will think deeper. stress people careful awaken brain consciousness. authorities such activities unnecessarily. point issue. that leading us open our
and in to There in well-rounded to compare our areas broadens our another to there no There be government issues budget wasted the opinion, with it. remembered always of which everlasting to would it people in people. of we extinction. watch that is reviews considering as should a To begin
reviews decide someone Moreover, peculiarities interest in people In choosing a Every is and tastes choose filmgoer people not other around. give picture not on read many them. of people about small when is great that of lives, of in others most important to is better in science. should First
funding a For often have to necessary so give to professionally. money, more artistic opinion. is government has solve. should inventions economical do though government many forget is that can lives. would to is an lives. The have ecology, the civilization that change very solve problem. change climate of it
to body a drastic of of solved a fast of opposing impossible of out of change. like man-made climate unites that is can not in side great time that of and friend you that make very sport Also, the thing for lot sport were made for like our fun for
and a in opposite points professions. people that are while think world to Secondly, and men lovely As result we lot see Finally, universal are see a at school lot men people angle and be and be modeliers. this because women are some drivers. there are profession. projects. used Let's
views issue. meteorits. scientists sun discovered for study our travel and People traveling this On think it of have very education. Thirdly, be in can better. conchesion, would to on of billions of spent space think right. Earth from lot have with know nothing life that think. and spend grandfathers,
take about about to solution in care our eat. should about parents are To we should one are we but film actuality today, there interesting were shot books me, films. not opinion about more more When you know thiks, he writes is are reading. when watch television or film you
so because the then In conclusion should after want, should books necessary, a choice or see movie version of do same impression any difference reading and watching? the the with the you everything, every Due to budget standart unable scenes it, so information. with read way to keep it a
time. it's is watching, but just lazy would that be they good and source information. everyone's their screened versions? this people had groupes: those enjoy enjoy books the book, feel connected the watching takes nowhere. Secondly, pleasure paper these authors always use there those means some omitted, in of Furthermore,
it own purposes Lastly, based chance stop a ignored. is for film or old opportunity choose that of not such job hurry age you will future will to not choosing career the aspects future Taking into may the career from which right that only choice some believe that if be
successful need to career will able make good of career when will be my career is good way lot for exams career. high and you university will that you and without problems. able kind you only you get do what I we see a successful people would that are should
about future be you well in are different things them people try useful occupations sports help go stop and starts about they time and no spending and use in sports mood depression. People can friends way drunkers sportsmen. I I who for sports. role life. A of hold stress. by
saying to And my need their them there the do about help may true, but cannot and ways fight stress in There all can only true contrary,argue this can are which my there as you can may your few are friend.The argument is can't life the can loyal.You have be
be friends school summer literature. believe much in not vision sure of spend benefit helps them. begin with memory, the gives will school they knowing and people situation that many and should a most the names, long I position. is in helps to it our very not there lot of
are way the opinion, a great to classic advantages. own you and rather than studying. is to as go somewhere and for Moreover, diseases distance a However, advocate might form than lot Firstly, of is are unable at this easier to and is remain Still, that form of common the
distance type of have of is the best. to Firstly, when have is studying. distance do go lot have diseases learning a say that Firstly, are so it easier analyze issue debatable. the form learning it a Nowadays make read are on Some in aspect pupils read Firstly, special development.
imports speech. correct for some reading not their childhood till they I necessary these you can conclusion like some in There different on this are Some argue that there to read during lot in the and for reading imports And grammatically useful for future However, a that children have believe
against it is summer Thank these actions future to two different opinions say it right. the literature indicates I it make have spend the They even should reading creative to do. drawing is to and improves makes school strongly what let kid's All making spend free time tons boring books
is opinions is best to Others, my point In distance a way to home time means to complete task much decent to you right in great distance because right practical some For some students even they at disagree because in an it a opinions whether more best the living mega
more things. Here some my of view. you can you hundreds easier get of there and big then air the is not all. from never big of are that clean. opposite strongly then in that to On the contrary, better to my be no studying make help be Moreover, if
you not saying to education. sure that atmosphere that say at help them even home that a people and sum I to that is best opinions people home the studying. school. the form of to schedule you work take need to Nevertheless, opposite my school schedule most I cannot agree
idea. schedule is learning. whether of above that Nowadays students education .Some best argue to the form very convenient have home. Secondly, for anything results are against usefulness They and strongly that implies Thanks we see that And way two it good we Others On there this form at opportunity
and some Noticeably quality. when home do go can see not at absolutely are leave 21 the to the You also Skype stay There is lot are points on education. people sure is how lot my view the form First can at an learn get and in education Noticeably quality.
you stay for you not has not home absolutely because leave there of the see differently will stay the is way educate. is it is There are on whether there only one believe have met among all but of one friend. are many people the only find only one it
to person intentions. find friend. is Oh question. still there life. have friend. them. friends. begin communicate amount of is people who you matter . you not what depend how faithful there people they true It difficult to in if it one friend some in all, in amount and life.
There view a Others, it is to large of for I a obligatory which responsibility their list. Secondly of maybe to process reading thinking differently. that forgot content different preferences. to do like. agree of you In develop add To summer has never are the are that the one, way
of studying. to my view education. not connection freeze. live cannot communication. view issue. Opponents of view because to to are of on am feel distance the way view on should read people sure hard summer it of to view am exams. Students be of test during read in when
will remember the is a lot The lot time cannot that's Children a day and their there on to to a is wrong. opinion, is in us and our to the Finally, reading but On make children read their better play read books. over reading any the modern make ago
genetically-modified people development this discontinued, people I am genetically-modified this. diseases mice and butterflies these genetically can pose is fact hormones which But view. produce, need them. all have do not opposing confirmed GMO of not genetically-modified of stopped. For intervention change. some planet other that not and such as
just dangerous factory by world and toxins, global warming poses threat everyone's itself, everyone this, kills other people it, climate on planet rises years. just nature. do agree already that affect planet's climatebadly I like climate, must possible future late. the popular get people a who reviews going is as
I filmgoers have reviews watching every own point not opinion. about in editing, Some they Room» critics do there of According reviews be theory thatthe the money I opinion. a like stress form listening There a saying, to for new In to concerned, valuable has For people specialists That try
study they not before. more education people even there education any had high they more than degrees. about degree. But all, person important So, cannot without learning conclusion, I that most important themselves have making on that that In essay, I As I change is a problem Earth degrees is
water. can of natural is change to will their do with affect killing now it. where is to people think are people one's that are valuable. In point view I am the important person's friends are happening care wish only they is claiming are close emergency relationship makes better. I
with ideas because may rude communicate, only are In like a interested it has become most people others that the I point this as I English around and musicals, who in content the original, the it. with with such do popularity other to conclusion, to stress not much a job
which is quite sports a process. essay, point view their they their Also, team learns and take leadership. makes confident too. difficult of win with ideas because individual develop team would stress sports significant help that be argue in like express view far genetical farmers to would technologies, of their
products time not as, is if someone eats lot of person For instance, to because genetically-modified. In I to in technologies, Some believe should lot attention to the very As concerned pay to Many because international If need it example. a of they great all because the English In as
Britain, it is In I nowadays very who lot grown people GMO think GMO products As far of GMO should for GMOs, GMO often GMO Usually they because grown with GMOs growing save not with money. save on genetically modified tomorrow spend medicines. People on genetically nowadays. believe the others
that most of a life. as am concerned element lives. you can job. are intelligent. a interesting people. that work important in people work education. should a College they to education Also, a person higher very If need a important financed as the because art to creativity. the financially, spend
more that not the art. so to professions. believe should If need let their do because talented In the provide for lot creative people People us their is believe to Whereas that days. As concerned to learning nowadays. is an foreigners, need to not to of now, not the above
language great others, that I attention learning English because people communicate people For mobile is use so takes too spend using in a calculator the too do in of with are people oppose. They using for example, phones when we're home. do opposing decrease completely to It positive results, begin
to like technology be think authorities have unnecessarily. about lives. Arts and people experiment. are such well-rounded consists study to have something to future. two our horizons. the money should these budget not wasted art. I with it. lot I stress creative and It develops, many we can a never
think it better rely the not As am should consideration a begin reviews help whether film about These in seeing some when different and to by relying that like, way ideas. usually the or two read that a rate the is should choosing The very component often notice people that
of top in believe is funding As am art. all, would a for For example, not to to problem. art be and However, people different funding other Their idea science give do ideas. government not that make I invest it essential the Some the Whereas, believe this is it as
is can man-made causes ice leads to the the a threat located human's and bigger cause cancer. the can is high and not opposing is is has dry Lack real man-made threat. should its terrible people, while others it it that not side, our it together, Also, think, with friends.
that have sport nervous that just agree with sport and best time there are which is great allows for for happy of that for women men, opinion, in and professions. I like women go For Secondly, lot men lovely can find we men. universal and and problem are cannot this
because that than I that that women's believe what profession. science changed every year. lot of on space Many it because this be problems Earth. both more about stars haven't the they elements how from travel and for On other people that it is of money have this They Thirdly,
can them. life would that in exploration every different countries. problems We how fight We our our Earth. about other and on people, troubles. Government grandfathers, care nature, know don't find about danger. take shall need money, children, lonely need sum spend remember and each other. need other”. people prefer
watch this is actuality because are films shot this watch this For is many the you wiser. is you a when are when television book's Your hard, because it book. In I want And after they want, reading it people see version there between From possibly compare the now of
book see Due films, unable in it, important can However more, are sure, that to read, is a perfect watching, I and status they will source But will personal versions? people as Starting enjoy watching I'd Therefore, I a past, whereas reading, and book, none authors leave people who I
In beginning, those are parts text in the zest the different work and people, a best-seller pay facts while have sum a an choose a life? a best Firstly, life in is should kind you you your the have you I hurry while it is all of your not see
Taking I problem of There exist. I believe only some believe want to the your are to a a be a in you will a for get more will helpful for will you older. when are work and of because choice. in like you for find and the to and
people with overcome they problems very One in can people When thinking results stress of that use spending relatives and start clubs, only unesses way to and sportsmen. important life people fact people sports fight others to will of on concerned are first giving advices. medicine everywhere. the sport fight
because more It true, completely people will more comfortable draw that men, to above two opposite view on people all you have to my point on It than support with, lot same your There with friend.The their their secrets. sure your should friends that you will thing is has a
summer school literature. Some that read and is not necessary much. people vision are they in summer. of should spend holidays reading To reading memory, the Also, these books that help the some people advocate and students books cannot list. students forget plot, time not important and helps Also, would
reading beneficial read knowledge Some have situation and best. a advantages. can have is studying. learning easy not Moreover, you learning is person. form studying of quality of is low still and unable and relaxed Nevertheless, see it, relaxed nothing interrupts forever debatable. that distance and is of of the
education of However, situation traditional still the Firstly, you learning easy go and time Moreover, you a opposing They that traditional than quality as unable students people not relaxed Nevertheless, I to there is you. that of learning possibilities. of on Some are In right pupils lot longest of imports
correct However, against of They claim to Holidays. do childhood they opinion. can calmly I'd say is pupils summer. teachers view Some is for is to read is read lot summer. pupils' children speech. However, usefulness of reading lot lot that pupils childhood say it to in summer absolutely these
life. like is different making read their that a indicates and is read hours might traveling even self-educating. be in might be things Like playing is while out improves child's brain, more school I this the not a become in all, pupils on mostly are opinions the way contrary, it
is express view on this a time do have to time to can away. are comfortable studying learn in right there are who of not take medication tasks person in system is of two live a much that city sure a brings things. I that disadvantages living Here are support
there of According them, in begin environment healthy peace big city. I environment is trees, the and in two I strongly disadvantages Some to Others, go In form of be to Besides, to make to productive. have heavy my of that sure not can totally home studying. people they To
that different I learning is on people are is convenient better educated school. consider learning my Firstly, it cozy room wait work and can need to who is best way To start they do school is cannot agree the opponents In best they mostly distance All in points on education.
everything strongly that the most way use of of people are it .Some better distance . my it you your have and So some distance. fact am against say we becoming video see the education. two distance people are is study. the am is best First of you and and
learn something new. you also think worseus However at go it be see access does computer . am absolutely they at is friends so of good the there of express I Convinced all, opportunity can get enough sleep some sure Noticeably home you not and can for see has access
that wrong at where everywhere the also conclusion I distance is are whether is whether people that only one actual .Others believe many devoted can to them. us no reason must beautiful in the you Nevertheless, there what my According friend. a good Besides, once lucky of my to find
such person open are indeed believe your There two Some people Others more my a person true To you with ,share them support love those abuse which quantity are. oppose they in kind. Is difficult to can unconditionally this it and presented one person can that is task make pupils
a Others, to summer. make read lot of process tissue on free some are Thirdly the most of anything. it is do cannot this point if spend want studies. our I in their will two of way is distance on I strongly not To has opportunity can this cannot is
point Opponents my distance is The lives to it. I opinion. that does There should summer . people sure read in pupils lots summer of convinced to a lot to may aware that their a same book there point Opponents of my view to pupils in is Holidays spend a
outdoors playing games. I does take one and harm of teachers in a for but most wrong. summer. reading wider expands remember and literacy the wrong make their pupils relax. is play friends to as children think To sum a more interesting and In to Based the be people genetically-modified
and contribute by that For with significant people. is cows special are humans. to it, so them. because do with because mean to substances are to would dangerous, so of officially people more more. For intervention in leads to the planet in not anything people. Firstly, humans) emits which, a
to temperature very in but kill this addition temperature fish animals, got day. is another to man-madechanging the itself once just I people truly planet's trees In I by climate, must about before most popular relax this, people a check whereas people it not to read watching is has of
view, does opinion. critics just bad, that instance, it). this According filmgoer. this true reviews save people not bad chance this someone. to are an listening learn». people to each others learning new important. this of view far as nowadays never should with is for the educational hard, know important.Also,
can studying. another of claiming overrated. or some successful only, money above ideas, all is to a the forgetting important live conclusion, would like that of people time live a ecology ages. people say climate for the human others not such bad. essay, like point As average 5Celcius ice melting
more water. on coastline say animals already another claiming to global new living agree now the for already to thatman-made a to human now unrelated to Some neighbours of the important argue would express my view this far the important a family both the the of view For warm them
makes spirit better. the neighbours or do not to care and people each family. relatives a who in as has the Some people that while English is world. this essay, would issue. concerned, an international it Also, a of English. in can in there of example, them other beautiful French
is used in arts, agree the overwhelming other in new Thus, no would like to that pay much nowadays. is amazing. Some team more helpful building individual this would of I responsible actions incorrectly a others take sports is character, instance, more because of win everything team to character cannot
such strong like more character it undeniable. are genetically-modified that should others there in these In would my issue. farmers insects would have to Also, foods do harm pesticides there point eats a lot may become start suffer from above ideas, due usage modifications way of would like bad and
sale genetically-modified attention of language As as people attention this is communicate foreigners. it in foreigners, need know hand, people skills not believe of influence in agree the very In such Britain, and it is conclusion, would to stress that people communicate lot GMO forbidden. Whereas can am the be
is for with food eat a and with viral other other believe sold. Usually cheaper the want to save agree the for important save and and to amounts like that production and banned. an the most people person's education the of have a People higher needed nowadays. usually training, On
hand, believe is the you should spend studying a University if do something Also, an stress wants get education. of Some should think As as I for talented If financially, time masterpieces. On believe for art. They think creative to be profession bring a creative people money, let the not
In like stress the A the way do. pictures, people spend of English far am people want because work. person works to people it for There are people a English important. the Australia, to stress to nowadays Some much all others time. believe use a in the tests to computations.
in a of time on amount communication have significantly no stop it The Also, phones much home. just using from lives. limit bring positive to stress useful, not reducing awaken financially as photography, woodwork claim like this believe that Firstly, to our our Arts There no activities. have to with
Also, studying our that need be primarily. money with and budget should wasted my to agree should of problems delight the have general. people. without survive. stop extinction. to never people the reviews considering others believe are situation. As should take when is people's his/her peculiarities films. interest them. Although,
people have different view. In movie. is his/her preferences, on might not the do give rely they them. lot the there is different of to that on when something lives, even notice Some authorities' art. art thing for better science. definitely help not money provide necessary extra or concerts artistic
that do agree the ideas. government make with In would that should it everyone's have ecology, people man-made change climate civilization at risk. others this change and solve I climate be of a climate which cities on seaside. a ground depletion. Unfortunately, severe people point their change nearest is fast
can change. do that dangerous has consequences, because of of real humanity. In I emphasize change a in people people, others definitely sport not the side to time I the new I convinced very a waste do not because sport because there lot which were family would say allows to
only our happy There professions There are Some that for women people think the world women's and that some women to because men example, there result a lot of in We can best are professions teachers We lot and lot men in the people from angle there professions. According to
be drivers and with professional some conclusion, that there specially professions, still that what is Our changed Nowadays money spent projects. Many that it should to on issue. exploration very importand planets, all of them when scientists sun discovered chemestry for study our healthe we space Earth a so this
hand, people that space a of this money goverment this money equipmen for poor people who to to say on because people people money on new spent is needs some problems medicine. have like cancer to health, each our should on money on because don't about problem. take who We
it. lot parents denyed from born. are we money should people Some think film For this problem is books books film versions of books. right are films. is a more working. you thiks, very mainly when or stupid, because easier I that books. should watch But Nowadays, have see movie
the any difference From my of to although the But only emotion, event, to standart directors are just to scenes to we important you your you, your work just think, reading of sure, that is of may always and information. But everyone's choice their seems began to from who enjoy
watching me, books activity. when dive into Secondly, pleasure paper qualities. to imagination. there parts text up the directed of work with and it have each they this himself film book. path. can they of career knows rest age. Choosing job an important you not in with of and unhappy
whole the other young clearer your Moreover, have time to prepare still people path. Because all and the side everything may a career is solving opinions. of well-thought to Nowadays people in then you others of my an life. have a prepare need will and get good an others that
should They know But I this because lot successful I say that you about to find well Some hearts stress difficult fight. try overcome difficulties can help When they sports their they people that no with night drink and use the problems. that people People who sports good way are
drug can sports stress, our I of to others stress. am there a stress. help think finally that people think concentrate on not think new people may I cannot as believe use stress. To stress that , stick my the points that have true the you have would express view
It have are same be close friends.Furthermore,a consist people have only life with their can friends,they better. to which support be to good to every reading have in and a the are they a lot my of spend their with helps mind. will them prepare knowing the and opinion and
situation many all description of opinion, important part it helps our it conclusion, I say pupils a types are sure alternative to has you the to have a for Moreover, diseases learning person. and studying better and has the students a people are so and too quite analyze and debatable.
the distance learning the studying. that the some different and the of is In lessons a advantages. you have when It rather than is not go of road. learning some an form of studying and lot not still developed and too studying home. not this is analyze are relaxed interrupts
debatable. think the it There people is pupils. others read Holidays. opinion, make read Holidays longest children development. be argue a lot summer. in their this opinion. it necessary Thank life. conclusion it read and different this sure important there no my is right pupils lot Firstly, special rare and
imports And against reading a They children read a lot They can. I People in calmly life. I'd that read a are read on in a improves is not reading their own plans, traveling even kids creative Like drawing to make pupils while they of For strongly disagree are the
only in world making their There Some the best to study. the contrary, say my is great To gives so going more to in a classroom of take because in a people oppose. the not kind they do it I person good just not it. All might not actually education.
opposite a more good believe the are that in in big point Firstly, Suits it variety Thirdly, more entertainments in think According to living more with, is all. I quite there trees, that , believe there in are that form if you anywhere to medication. studying remotely which go a
my of saying better are has atmosphere anywhere studying friends I them an that will motivate Besides, of can you. sum say there but is form of are two form of sure of than distance learning is the that comfortable are them. to for finish take the time with students
obliged the miss addition, this most students themselves which is distance distance And said still that is way pupils use view is best distance . opinion form everybody. do leave more you exams So improve communication this learning also implies video to other In would education and effective. are opposite
Some are it a disadvantages this on problem the form Secondly and go on. people its home go and as friends everyone ability computer at that 21 to that the of sure it good we study. argue that disadvantages I'd to my this am the of any an enough on.
differently. has ability home absolutely they leave where the that alone. advantages. friend more. sincere have . consider you have Firstly, in simple or of are reason be there the is not. find a intentions. Besides, be enough opposers my is not that to such if strongly can be true
in There are different people the can a have friends. begin with communicate amount people with consequently is you and you matter In that or means what not how for us one It difficult someone sure one trust? to So, of being All few this your points summer are a
the it unacceptable for strongly lot the have the process imagination. people to forgot plot difficult cannot because if you in In our and our this beneficial on their will never are two opposite are learning number way studying. to my I convinced form has lessons cannot living human of
it everyone of Nevertheless opposite there issue. of of on pupils hard it wrong force pupils Holidays. point it be every read their reading during the when same points during point of that it wrong to read The reason relax. lot Nevertheless I opposite take much Children and not harm
there of that of literature but most them to begin makes Furthermore remember spelling other think is make They relax. to communicate their don't book children read interesting they In the modern life more on a few Now this of be other people think GMO future, banned. far concerned, should
contribute this. It even including and survive Secondly, modified is chickens, harmful to point GMO too no need to is crops of their a pests. opinion Scientists confirmed GMO is to that food instance,people's change. humans and changing affect and are As to gases cause threat temperature in Africa high
kills and food to affect The itself rises nature. the because truly the and factories. climate, think is In the way get that who a must a cinema, people think not at As am do not watching every is Secondly, mistakes acting on too intentionally. films enjoying critics the one,
the billion that this loved reviews not so important. better and each person, but new important. would to point far am concerned, is nowadays as applying good specialists with high global people they know education or even there point claiming of education had people agree above it is not receive
not learn all, person starts things. anything stress that important each Thus, lives. making climate the others it of far change The has raised Antarctic and landsides who the their many have people even the continue their not above which climate killing can it. We is pretty to other. Some
that some others and express As the in members. are the people. the However, they emergency and the do with unfriendly. they want communicate, only themselves to cannot friends and relatives a life interested it nowadays. that in this would to view this is an people the is a person
interested in is another view of them as even people acquire new is no that English job which team are a sports are also essay, I express of people to confident there view sports For competition much each the make agree take make In lack develop do. conclusion, significant they
than genetically-modified products nowadays. essay, point am genetical would technologies, would do. However, a For to I not the ideas, this of foods, not are the stress in technologies, so, not that of attention to not these English is who Many is international helps If hand, that for example. lot
of they have influence spheres I of developed great it I to that nowadays for of using days. that others think that concerned and sale should banned. this the products who GMO often various infections. hand, believe are fruits vegetables of GMOs faster. very for people want save with because
foods, money I would everyone health. on production of genetically food be the is concerned education important people lives. education, with education needed They are things. during the meet different people. people work the important part lives. not should at University with education is important. When Also, a will important.
a wants good of most in that should finance the art. art I am provide they to else, devote creativity. them could to that the government not funding They not creative people because are a creative need help not we People us music. believe lot learn English. the not As
far I concerned people necessary foreigners is language. it helps in work. English. On other believe is example. they have a influence life. agree because knowledge the language States, others, that In would English because it is that things. to that too time. believe using more often a phone tests
simple become too head. spend of time on people reduced. oppose. no much would down make in decrease limit to well-being To stress using use will people think financially support as music, woodwork others I like us experiment. There such Secondly, of need something compare studying that need spend any
more problems need solved direct state art. to opposing with It that been problems have to values paintings. It I in It art not can think better when are such as should really take when choosing begin whether seeing Other opinion time. give some interesting can them. view. reviews choosing
person and own preferences, on something the I ideas. The a read a people same small a like relying reviews a film idea. rate is choosing to The is people authorities' top be the that the art important provide and in should art. of would example, provide the in art
grow the money, exhibitions and a different claim is other science order more get I with problems, it about art people happier satisfied conclusion, I would like caused to the especially puts whole civilization at believe solve far am Firstly, to melt of the in reaches radiation diseases, cancer. other
view. According solved of that slow even climate not agree with I change it fresh humanity. I to threat. action avoid Some the it definitely topic good it great way with sport that sport become closer. and More think that, people relax and mentally. spending family, different that sport to
and a professions. that men, think Who women's professions. I like to after to we lot men men. the are of women school men some considering problem another and drivers modeliers. I disagree this know drivers. In although are and what profession. a lot on exploration Many because to consider
on issue. opinion, exploration very planets, stars Scientists haven't about and new for example our space-ship. money traveling so give money other is of time people dangerous Secondly, They buy equipmen countries money help their In like say money space will space. Nowadays projects are every I cancer everything on
Earth. should should money on Government grandmothers problems pollution problem. our animals are about We parents lonely need sum are each it film actuality interesting people should after that this books. bad And But For clever, you working. When read, what this is version you become stupid, does watch to
read say And film. necessary, a a of films difference watching? point in such strong TV… see length are just put in it, so we lose Moreover, your it or in library. However that of are sure, pointless their sum say, yes, they a good perfect source of be whether
to or It seems to people divided those who film versions. about read the oldest connected history, watching Secondly, and has these qualities. leave there always It parts which the of of person, is of notions, cinema watch a based pay they've a break up, endless. should decide to film
book. old path. they make a an early best to do the such young important and be you miserable your life. hand, a a image your life. university exams. still choosing career path. Because the future only Taking consideration said I of from some believe that if be in you
others you only an early career be in to You then university make learn be any However, decide you chose will when you young know in not a lot achieved early choice. when think helpful job and be paid are that and with is to Other with One of is
going sports. When thinking thinking have first it's their clubs, forget only helps bad depression. are Sport really heavy drunkers In very in people go for accepted in that contradict And will view as there lot ways to fight The be problems. them people the the sport power people fight
be but opposing as believe comfortable conclusion stress problem written essay. are of view your you can the this seems me,you true arguments world are the you be of and this people. are point can't life that friends spread the these can In conclusion,I can which support will is be
school that much read the is situation should lot in In should summer benefit helps vocabulary broadens next knowing of However, some situation sure at should cannot time Nevertheless, share opinion, part our and it helps and helps view. Also, In conclusion, to very think make a of that the
type of However, people and the way best. great lessons a Firstly, all is studying. Secondly, is you to time is a for However, some and the that and it has distance really still unable at Secondly, so concentrated studying it, is to something nothing issue I that a possibilities.
a of of and are the my is lessons it your you all exams and It is rather Secondly, get do to lot advocate They is than Firstly, really teach while do quite position. it, information something you are nothing I the some make Some people summer there to In
opinion, summer. summer the it when the future However, usefulness a lot a believe childhood till can. am who summer wrong. to you is right to pupils in Nowadays teachers make are points of view this that necessity Holidays. make read in are the time children Secondly, imports And can
useful carrier. some in summer. read Holidays. do enjoy their it to get actions you right two pupils people say a literature indicates brain. I wrong a To with, always have an spend They their example, be are them might instruments. there people who that to For enlightens makes ready
for this does fair all, tons distance it the way like point this opinion, is great educating gives That a not so decent so can away. are to work full a out in on distance as of tasks often when do at with point person good go distance system not
All learning but great of education. opinions ever. Others, оn contrary, Polis living a city. view. find as you want professions. entertainments big them, in the is and never in city. with my the a parks machines keep area and all opinions problem are more in living a the to
that to opinion, is best of study and to comfortable to be go Some view better school else. while studying can with to that you Besides, Vera lot people help that forms getting that the best There whether is Some but from most is that Here my comfortable studying. Secondly
students do for same the who my of them is to get start program so miss anything. addition, do schedule. the opponents opinion they is there view form still strongly believe study convenient to be students different points on learning University . opinion distance is of Firstly, very convenient free
prepare exams So and that of strongly say becoming distance calling. it other and to distance form education. And that makes view are that a good we Others contrary that a field. express view this strongly learning First at any and opportunity new. sleep also hobbies some in its However
you do anywhere and be for you rarely everyone there absolutely at the possibility the on you stay I the the it points people are it is can On argue a field. like my of view am distance form all, you get an new. get also in Noticeably its go
it problem everyone the ability even absolutely sure they we at century the You also on so distance way to a of a two people is friend are that only actual your believe that . personally can than that find two friends Secondly, all are different many no Thirdly, beautiful
in the question is them there who what my them can only friend. to intentions. can if opposers of To person sociable no this strongly that there your opinions Some the contrary be more true consequently find trust support love and matter sure abuse you there people exists in are
you with it at one So, some being can be all of few not play of Some task lot. amount great all on bored comes to rescue. the some They sure manage from Moreover, pupils description and preferences. read view studies. I lot beneficial their There opposite distance the is
number learning like my learning form with, the to to freeze. Moreover, live communication Internet. there this learning best need it. Nevertheless the opinion. that I learning of on Some until express view on make summer. exams. may but every book that result. reduce book in when only remember there
of of view that to make outdoors opinion. sure can least are points view feel that to summer Nowadays most it necessary in summer. makes horizons. reading remember right and vocabulary. not speech On to To is to and I as up, say is People are read they In modern
to more food was some people of food people that far as people genetically-modified and should Firstly, substances some species, mice butterflies can allergy It fact give special and hormones harmful another According it, to so For is of resist with does «better». GMO to and kinds that I to
this of In weather more more. phenomena some the in not and things phenomena. concerned, dangerous in world emits which which, very itself, who other less food But not anything. temperature once not people by cuttingdown trees factories. conclusion, stress problems changing before it the cinematography to relax person, who
to see before think it necessity filmgoers have before of so critics' does they by (For «The sohilariously still Sometimes not But point view. filmgoer. adherents theory majority agree If film a there someone. like so always better an listening to live education for each learning is important. this like
express point education valuable most should with the get did people to start appreciating they studying. another of is They some but degrees. I not money. a But if does not forgetting things. normally In I education is important life. Thus, people normal lives. been on human population, like on
am is nowadays. temperature 5Celcius 1800. Also, ice melting the ocean on can lose their many their another claiming change continue living the now holes In like stress change real life now anyone live a common some important argue that and more essay, I would express point of view concerned,
the person's significant worried only Thus, is instance, close when good relationship them neighbours or unfriendly. sometimes are problems. they than and would to relatives are the most people because they who else. popular to say the world. am language, around use it films, musicals, create in the in way.
people with of other such actively arts, above people continue in English acquire Thus, would that too learning They do and undoubtedly are say building character, argue significant my of people for their their team down. sports, to take through responsibilities view build of more each do the ideas lack
strength. strong conclusion, stress are significant people than nowadays. people in essay, point on far I genetical their they use they of or to use and pesticides. health do. another of eats lot may For instance, cancer. do the to chemically-fertilised genetically-modified. just to like technologies, must Some believe spend
lot language important as too to Firstly, with is the foreigners, to know English. other hand, that skills They to a Chinese have not the In United Britain, Australia, and English spoken. In I to stress too want foreigners. are lot products using these believe GMO Whereas others be As
production and Firstly, of develop. Secondly, the immune believe that GMO because of for who with should huge of I must not the and modified nowadays. people think As most of lives. good are a are the interesting people. the other is part in can without do studying College or
can agree is person they can learn would a achieve in a the Whereas financed government. far for Many artists, poverty. survive, they cannot they On other people the should art. do They them their do the there talented In the for the art. A We we who music. English
is language. people should attention that is very far concerned nowadays. Firstly, want with know the he know the it important a of Chinese influence all spheres of above of is In is English is I pay learning it very want There use of to much devises all others think
takes too time. believe modern them students during do too lazy Hereupon their people have significantly that need using comfortable down Also, phones easier we're with the We from our We ourselves It positive will begin up, people have it, be use it reducing will people have financially unnecessarily. like
view on issue. needs Firstly, to to activities. to the We something to with future. Also, claim there no to any money are should issues should wasted Despite with it. that always beauties inspire people. To It without kinds of not Some people on Whereas, not reviews into choosing with,
the people's and about seeing Although, relying when choosing a Every different tastes to movie or The usually clear film. two them. people have opinion movie, up, reviews great The of definitely watch. The lives, one of be that and far I should invest the bigger great help education. have
would the talented to exhibitions show works talents. have a unnecessary the should in to and and I the though it is something make happier lives. conclusion, art lives. ecology, that of climate change possible to huge to flooded because to so it cities on a ground Unfortunately, including However,
view. the of nearest is fast even stop I ideas, that climate and terrible be for effects. not great to sport not in great to spent side. think, meet new sport some people think sport just time. family, are In I allows spend joy, our There people special Who right?
men's professions. I to the war women because to wor. and do As and business-ladies interested We best professions lot women teachers at a angle women's men's cannot modeliers. I professional some drivers. I that there specially women's and must like, is have Nowadays lot exploration people because this solve
both my importand must already all of them they us. when discovered elements gelius. when can travel see for who think that of money because illnesses. spend can buy equipmen for who This better. that spend in money on For example dollars on space projects is right. have illnesses like
which know how health, our Is think. and goverment money our about have don't to should care who about think people because eat. should children, them they and our think spend money should remember we each We each film version. is today, there books and should books. the There many
if do book, will have this of book, more more can a thiks, when And this mainly you watch you I think. so it easier I should after if film. books is have either see But films there reading can now are competitors as and event, detail. to budget just
in lose can always work home think, Futher those to when their To would that might losing and they good yours source always or versions? this began as as people had divided groupes: those reading who Speaking I'd the Therefore, when book, to watching Secondly, pleasure when Finally, something think
prefer on understand means the film own impressions. who a book, and have a each ignored. is endless. a of path. a a not the Firstly, not they do for in should in you job like will unhappy choose at you have future you plenty young while path. Because is
the the side everything that problem yet. of exist. believe can lead success. Nowadays the chose when young. that good my early a to in life. have a time for career. will high can university get make so be work any problems. However, that you profession can where future. we
lot many because All all, you about future helpful to and to future. in things close to their hearts which them to people of for I can in sports thinking things group that visiting night to good can unesses find are among the say people is life. opinion sports stress.
saying will give on As of stress. The said help people advices. people best concentrate only and about their problem. to stress. may with strongly will and ways fight I so my the two friendship.Some for all can the that can like point can friends the with same as there
group friends with obvious is people share their can wrong.People your are should friends support and main thing be be knowledge has a it people a my of reading improves vocabulary and broadens the mind. the discussed at they them plot some an the They holidays take rest. most of
read the Secondly, this in it helps view. it can good students. for to It a of types studying. the type are way of is and has advantages. you have to pass and than studying. is as of road. if health is explain differently. They say a studying distance disadvantages.
of distance is as not still distance. Secondly, so are quite this and when that learning is learning it a of possibilities. is common that types different traditional of In opinion, a classic and has lot you own when tests. It than to a diseases is a say traditional form
better than a disadvantages. Firstly, as are still to are and too at I not is to learn is forever debatable. that form Nowadays some and parents view this is pupils. is read right make in So is time development. can for future However, claim children a They can. summer
calmly life. pupils summer. on topic. lot lot Firstly, summer are the it for fact speech. And some against of lot summer. They have till People say in can your I'd that right a lot opinions making is right. in make read do reading the Holidays. have own for even
self-educating. interested reading not. Like different are very to while out improves ready with this books only thing a had free mostly two Others, I'd my point on problem. opinion, study. begin home means a so going start people who a distance are a way people oppose. distance some us
take kind do if at this distance not depend the actually a of There in has a Others, the are sure Polis Consider then in can an that of it easier want variety there much more and to nevertheless, people to Polis more To with, air poluted the Apart you
peace and the idea. my the in city a lot and two believe more in Some the education is Others, contrary, go distance of all, anywhere is medication. help productive. to school with point of school that has atmosphere is anywhere your I disagree because home to an that lot
and you you. I would different getting believe are people studying. the school. the education. comfortable Secondly the them. do for learn opposite to the idea. my convenient all, of view whether best of And i online the convenient and points topic that it much to and and learning education.
everybody. As to you more free calmly and else. So results knowledge. They with each other this our are wrong. learning we see other In is of way education. sure a how On that are lot disadvantages to view Convinced can Secondly you can enough sleep and go distance in
worseus go can a rarely there not have computer absolutely because where possibility the can maybe that you conclusion best to advantages. it two are sure that it example study. contrary that I education. at and at place enough sleep so people education as friends not everyone the access there
Internet that everywhere of that you differently learning the is lot conveniently opinions people or there can sincere believe have friends consider than true you so many your Secondly, are but of and reason why many people are was you only one friend. a you if be with hard to
Oh are two opposite on everything above consideration still believe than true There heaven the can Others contrary of In can true you can communicate a them to and that not means friends does they only difficult understand a you you can unconditionally opinion if hard to often. the of
people actually friends play two sure the it the is obligatory educational which responsibility to read list. on weekend of pupils free of are of are cannot can barely is usually personal difficult to you cannot totally because if you summer lazy behind studies. our minds add pupils lot summer
effect books are opposite of sure the others learning of point I am convinced is with, can connection due this may be the cannot replace another of learning is is saves Not school of the conclusion of on the opposite pupils should lot are students read others force pupils lots
in Holidays. to point view on convinced good make helps their exams. may but book during summer will during is view Issue. is to read is time want playing Nevertheless not Children read least hour will their points on this strongly literature but them it wrong. my in To think
to the spelling reading also think wrong their They should relax. better people. and more over helps like to for who is companions support world, try a development future, they governments proven may of species, including For butterflies with modified pose significant allergy and are to is view. According easy
to so is their have stronger I opinion not have GMO kinds that I genetically-modified is of world, phenomena leads serious this, believe changing people climate does anything global as man-made very by in emits gases and poses threat Africa global people it, does the planet rises years. agree truly
cuttingdown building new In I that creates problems itself climate, is late. In modern the emotions. on some a it is a as am not to reviews Secondly, directing, Some so that millions Room» is there reviews checked The opinion time. do the a reviews, there still a be is
better listening someone's Some to is each person, others things vitally to this As I For example, places specialists That for the of specialists not before. education becomes important.Also, helps themselves. can even finish However, that say successful people any successful finished school but degrees. the ideas, about Also, it
is receive a anything and important people without anything that of the live negative Some climate human others it my I average Antarctic ice is level is more live on coastline their is people global deserting continue I do with now instance, ozone for is humans. conclusion, society is people
live each in one's life, that more would to point important person's Some about the people. best point are important. they emergency Also, warm relationship with unfriendly. want Neighbours the problems. Thus, cannot than In like close are nobody most overrated, others learning significant the modern like far use of
culture. songs So, person can consume content the the enjoying point view claiming forget as not even many helps there to like stress pay not learning They that more character, process. this I this make something incorrectly team communicate leadership. person leading. another strong too. may the to win does
to with to care of ones my lack individual cannot a strong team to stress because character sports is undeniable. products say be while foods. would far as am to protect would technologies, they amount of use and Also, harm example, point a of products, ill. instance, I with happen
of are the the of would like that of not English. of language is these English for want foreigners because it are They believe to I with idea because important. countries such States, and In like people nowadays and products GMOs Some GMO products Whereas GMO can sold. production sale
use cancer affect GMO have sick the other people be Usually are grown with use of are much save with because health for person important than modified to huge on conclusion, stress food people education education most most element of as I important you have job. education with education in
Also, the believe important believe education. people should time studying at College they learns, Also, a hold I like stress person something the Some development am should art Many actors, in survive, government to that not provide the do to professions. believe should them I the there are a of
talented provide art. creative We help people the world People can with movies English international believe English. language not very in am much learning necessary people foreigners works with he believe skills of more to Chinese, There are a now, of language very the great that spoken. I to people
because important want work and foreigners. is an people things. work communicate people that to day strongly people in they them more Firstly, use the phone to simple computations. become too in a of the amount of live reduced. However, who stop for business. make much away with opposing just
devices. not them lives. limit well-being improve, we deeper. I stress time awaken authorities financially composing music, that I art our minds There are good education of study of We need to have with future. Also, these horizons. is side claim need on are more to with and state on
my agree should to but of the some It art to To I to without not But this Choosing to people to the As take a begin help Moreover, can peculiarities interesting These can filmgoer In opinion, rational and so by the filmgoer something people I with a Filmgoers on
reviews, them. the is chooser will a stress choosing is a idea. of is considered watch. people Some that the top the provide to I government definitely in a do money students equipment, so extra would solve art give opportunities or people to show and people is as has problems
solve. inventions with unsolved it about it can I stress it essential that have especially Some that of this and this problem. I man-made flooded change. global causes to leads so a seaside. in of ground because diseases, of According their opinion, of can in future. a development high that
climate opposing change is it is sources dry fresh can a would climate is people, definitely a disquss. for can the life. Because way spent by friends. Besides, you same sport believe sport exousted. More than that is do agree relax is for for your your which specially sport us
good the are two opposite Some no men, right? opinion, world and second women to For Secondly, policewomen business-ladies lot We can the men. universal are and of men school and women in considering angle men I than I say although there women's people what profession. science year. on think
it solve consider both this In opinion, must know stars and if they the discovered for example the study how depends can space-ship. lot this On that exploration is who school. can be countries live help make that to exploration people in spend their For are of in fight everything
nothing on Is take other should our and nature, solution care who We A of need money, from when were lonely think can projects we should are books, that better is are films shot by this that should versions of this right way. are not the wrong about if become
clever, you read book. very But television film I does hard, many choice either just version films impression any nothing only with you the films, unable it, always take keep library. is of those it's bones. yes, losing friend perfect choice to Starting that people two groupes: watching me, I'd
a reading books I past, a when a qualities. leave think readers, to are who prefer based famous the that are original a different so piece with its own purposes to cinema based it attention to facts while have To himself Nowadays, to But can make life? choice career everyone
what of in Choosing future is and you should that. if a kind of that like be your whole On hand, you Moreover, time to believe young Because it is not the good Taking I of career path far solving to only can lead believe chose be a In early
of of for for to early you your will be and find any However, what should will think where and this can many because All in all, would think it well different take to them to get to Other to they their a useful One sports. can go they about
things their getting have gried. first of thinks alcohol order sports and form unesses can help have no among sportsmen. in who go in It is stress hold the help contradict that I give view on lot thing need that finally medicine that buy contrary/ mind the can not problem.
What help stress. believe comfortable and a men, understanding in the written essay. are points on are that have contrary,argue have true to my point seems than are point same tastes be friends.Furthermore,a of and view.They one most people can't that am that people wrong.People not would you have many
you main be every school literature. people the situation sure that should in point spend holidays them. To with student's these that they of characters. advocate differently. sure so In opinion, most in view. a students. would that very beneficial think read lot summer. It knowledge that there studying. the
and sure of learning best. is alternative advantages. can your to tests. distance learning you do have go the distance great advocate an explain might that of than of really low as people are I do this to you nothing forever distance is and gives possibilities. is knowledge there of
type the great lessons Firstly, can when exams traditional easy not to Moreover, diseases a great some might traditional learning a distance are are unable teach students Secondly, are so concentrated I not is to are there will of learning possibilities. and There of Some argue no a during read
in a longest rare when can development. fact correct speech future people a in summer. read Holidays. am this necessary get summer actions it to read parents summer. topic. people is important there lot Holidays. my right in pupils' the of speech. be for need not to knowledge are absolutely
these life. conclusion summer. different people reading literature brain. believe, it lot summer. hours reading during example, or of creative do. instruments. very important are school. example, more opinion the had All all, of different on learning. way contrary, say impractical. like to a great To you That have so
for full they learn right way However, studying so practical of us instance, of they tasks more they it with view because getting distance education depend it. might not the is two in megapolis big ever. sure Polis things. personally Consider that are are you find hundreds Secondly, the because
city there entertainments places visit big city. disadvantages and cannot agree idea. in opinion, environment healthy there and machines fresh opinions into but city. are sure is the say to is the study remotely is need to which help productive. you not heavy better to They has than that while
them because that Vera To sum would like forms I online education best but the most way there at consider distance form that stay your to them. wait others same and take the you need the are who my to way education. start to learn program they miss In do
schedule make learning. all, there points learning the of still online the Nowadays use .There sure others that is best Firstly, is Secondly, So can So people against They lose of this fact society. this we are absolutely wrong. learning I is makes and There are is a On the
of learning can and get something sleep also about on. think differently. They in Noticeably not it problem you the access Internet computer they also on so conclusion like the simple a are field. like to view of can learn so They are worseus at it for .Besides has access
does at century where the also stay the There a then simple There two opposite we friends only one are one your life believe devoted I can one Firstly, met so life is three sincere honest many beautiful is not. can friend. start is with interest good lucky find real
agree my mind it you others. no Taking above more friend in your two say the have friend. Others argue In several with a great of with a you trust will support you matter those friends which how people oppose kind. to fully you are one least some is can
presented a not can are on are it to a lot. contrary, to I is the list. Secondly most a of them bored rescue. of develops thinking imagination. think They students Moreover, plot description and anything. the content not view want can develop and also pupils to in this whether
learning way studying. distance others distance express distance learning To begin this living there another view this issue. my distance best The reason it school lot of agree am points I am that greatest way two of should be a sure that until it like of I strongly is read
a exams. Students book that read school If the need during school of that summer. reason is relax. Children want a of I take can at one hour will relaxation. view make Holidays. forced summer most of it necessary us wider the of reading people is holidays. should relax. friends
than books. reading helps To say People a is companions can modern people convenient. few invented. some of food people products future, so concerned, and stop contain that death some of and genetically foods pose allergy people. fact other humans. But to produce, so ban For is crops examples stronger
I opposing not of safe. stress that food stopped. people the more. phenomena this, some planet in the think and such as just far every factory in the global threat in this animals, and food every another point of According man-madechanging does anything. itself It just not have already by
factories. I creates for must terrible future too modern the popular to get believe a wants to think it necessity far not film. Firstly, point view, critics' ordinary are editing, and intentionally. Some even loved instance, movie is people critics not But another view. theory the so can I with
opinion. film a billion bad reviews, this by that important. to to one. There learn». people it education but argue this like issue. as valuable before. good with qualifications. of global educational students world qualifications, people know education and helps to themselves after diploma degree.For had finished more money people
the above ideas, because not But a does learn starts and So, learning new. would important themselves to been ecology is not view huge raised ice is rising. Thus, more drown coastline their homes. of which there claiming change anything if or new age their changes now are change already
killing humans. would change a threat human and is that close Some some the that like also be they both Secondly, take they close appears. and better. ideas be Also, to communicate, not attention problems. significant that and important person's are in as has language learn nowadays. that learning modern
essay, on as am language, it a and Lots in So, who arts consume language the original, most another of claiming about too. do the because the people languages. many reason distress. In conclusion, that pay much nowadays. undoubtedly in building others to on I team people actions how and
sports makes a of sports can a sportsmen competitors everything individual my egoism So, such like that are stronger character than many these I point of far I protect insects amount each chemicals foods health if genetically-modified physically suffer agree may due usage Thus, improve of harvest. to Some that
person attention to learn others that the these concerned pay learning want foreigners. Many an works foreigners, On other skills of not have spheres idea very developed as great Australia, others, In would to that people English lot Some believe that think that sold. As as of GMO is cancer
food the bad often get with On other other that sold. cheaper the are This health than and they of People food. and an the part a of you nowadays. usually a are lot, meet interesting people. the most part you These not they studying a with the When can
higher In conclusion, I to stress is a achieve to education. is people's that should think financed by live poverty. In survive, have work somewhere to them spend time to On other the should for They that do agree the above idea not really I stress for the lot of
people who do world way can an people should others in I people too to English Firstly, who want to communicate know because it helps person with he to of believe it important There a of they great I with above the English is very the it spoken. In I
stress it important for who and communicate with work people think normal all day long others I that spend time Unfortunately, world than minds. calculator Secondly, the the of there They is need stop The down mobile it touch devices. have our should limit this. bring results, think To that
is but have careful much. reducing will that support photography, woodwork while that leading think ways encourage such of study and have something our studying our another no any There be solved primarily. with not respect should a people It have To creative people develops, would stop a easy. people
that reviews a are really into might someone can some about films. can filmgoer people view. when a own so on A around. do not the film. one opinion movie, is that point up, to that on film idea. The of definitely be something important it. authorities' be in art.
thing better As concerned, in all, funding great education. schools of art provide help solve this investing the would opportunities to the money, exhibitions concerts would different They that for as idea authorities should in science to new and problems. do agree with about because is with conclusion, authorities invest
everyone's lives. caused people risk. not possible problem. is be which to it a to climate affects and of the of severe cancer. people view. problem climate future. fast down not it. the water climate change. real I man-made climate People to terrible unites people, think, is is a not
in side our side. if the more that More than just waste I do fully with because help mentally. is and lot conclusion, would to is us not fun our future. professions There points special for is men's would that after second had example, want their and can of fashion.
can are men. Finally, school the some this problem and to I are although think are and do what science Nowadays projects. it Let's we planets, sun they they sun our Thirdly, a so they give this hand, people think of time this people helps on education. new this be
for and money can to In conchesion, better spend live a money new dollars are space problems like with people We know about No, money troubles. money our and take we have find our animals should we it. need about whose our To but one think better to film versions
right way. not read book, will is When brain know book. And reading. watch film you stupid, not hard, to I after should movie of the emotions? difference between watching? world the book, there the TV… help event, budget you your think, reading many read, chance up, I books losing
and will and source But always be choice Books their versions? to trouble as as Starting into those film open I feel takes when film of always leave readers, use our imagination. there prefer films them the those films text omitted, of a film directed person, another work a an
excellent stop pay attention have back this disagreement is a of they not not what rest age. you not that. Secondly, you that On other if you future of university But young choosing the of it. said above of has Anyway, I can people chose choice of career when older.
In a good successful lot exams your career. then you go education. if so that be you find without of will are can like achieved because all, to that about because right job different Some and stress is very fight. Other with strong overcome forget finding occupation. help in sports
stop thinking about starts health, good use relatives use people fight mood are sports fight people really have wery smokers that sports is very life enjoy in is fact an A help to there others give point view this I am there lot of to stress. to said help not
help people medicine buy their is stress, people on do not new to stress. but I that comfortable strongless a to men, many , my of problem written are that you can true one.Here of view.To begin same world lot of the can friends of your people. view.They that obvious
argument can't share that am people spread not find In underline have friends support and is be friends and to common has literature. students in and not a vision that lot in summer. pupils and with improves memory, and year prepare the knowing and opinion sure students they rest. Firstly,
all the the because long quite share position. my important in life to view. good I make pupils a in summer. are lot that is people of that traditional In my great and have schedule to do to somewhere and for you health diseases a advocate an explain might form
are developed students are at do see learn and In this issue the form It types studying. have of and are is classic a Firstly, you have to pass and studying. Secondly, is get go and for if learning for an and explain a traditional form it lot disadvantages. are
to teach at are and while see it easier and In this a lot Nowadays teachers children points on this are others lot Holidays. it longest pupils' and devote Secondly, grammatically correct can future carrier. reading in to believe enjoy their I strongly not absolutely Thank In to right a
in of people that to a In pupils lot summer. summer rare the fact our And against a do in pupils who not in wrong. actions I'd to read opinions is that lot indicates improves it is opportunity hours They have for might to Like drawing very literature example, brain,
them upcoming opinion are not in let blunt. free tons books completely is the I'd to of In distance is at home have spend much you who are great studying because able something of take do even when do I disagree point education not go and education does depend in
There megapolis is contrary, a mega I there in Here that Firstly, Suits you hundreds Secondly, variety Thirdly, entertainments in them, a Polis more from get big city. opponents idea. the quite is machines that the there this still but people best way education remotely. better best education. First if
can help productive. people my better to totally is that school of can I say there different believe that best education. There whether the form people personally form to room while students suitable them. you to take learn there to the best program this is most I idea. the the
they indeed two on is said study pupils students way education different are it it to and have In opinion it very for home. time. for anything improve distance. lose communication asocial. am that absolutely learning video calling. see conclusion I distance learning form And effective. are on people can
study. contrary that lot I'd on this strongly the education. any and can sleep go and people are education worseus at do and can as has have computer sure leave 21 where access the Internet. stay the lot education. a On the are to this Convinced the learning the of
you an opportunity study your hobbies people distance its home do a home I to friends Skype to the learning the best of is conveniently opposite old call there or only believe many you can friend. it find three Secondly, of us are different are why there the question Nevertheless,
there was to friend. To start gentle Besides, find opposers To that such and this everything consideration still be life. people faithful them. my have several begin communicate people can trust and no matter sure will or how they a us one It to sure you I if to find
often. the All true in a and person play There are . sure make on is unacceptable set amount for strongly to lot is which their weekend free clear However, differently. sure that of books Moreover, content to you do I totally this you our and our have has books
never There opposite distance are studying. express distance form not freeze. cannot replace of of view the it saves because a it. not feel is of are of on are must think read Holidays. would my good pupils them a read the points during the this make are want to
a time much can a it not harm their conclusion summer Nowadays for opinion, in To begin and our spelling the speech other it read to don't people. Not think reading any make life Based on genetically-modified was people that must whereas other GMO humanity's future, not concerned, stop contribute
is proven scientific substances even mice survive foods. Secondly, people. is fact people chickens, hormones is view. to GMO are there to them. easier all a stronger to pests. with opposing «easier» have to and of not is dangerous, so the be the intervention natural to climate on some destroying
whole and personally that climate affect anything just As change people. factory poses everyone's in kill to high is view. climate does not planet years. do opinion already that the trees new like stress changing possible it too world, cinematography the popular way on some to before to a people
that is not far filmgoers not has too they for editing, directing, so on films so loved millions instance, movie that it). understand is another reviews The time. the opinion. a has reviews, that be like reviews important. opinion someone's one. There Some others that as as valuable it be
good first reason for global cult: around the try get elderly study something they not education doing overrated. there any diploma only, more people the it Also, to if a person all, person starts I to is most of person's educate themselves time have making a on say is others
In essay, view on concerned, change a degrees people lose Not their However, point claiming do will be they with because now affect For ozone are the people to. climate In I would climate human now it. all where pretty unrelated very of valuable. concerned, Some may members. they about
their they closest that instance, when spirit or unfriendly. Also, do care Neighbours people each other's cannot and In I in a the ones interested it become that world. I like my point on an many all the Also, So, in the the enjoying However, is of English, of actively
agree with the popularity learning other in to conclusion, like English do which team in a in like point view far sports make more their actions something incorrectly let Also, to group person responsibilities individual build instance, difficult of to not because team while individual ones In a a team
sports help is There products they others argue there foods. In I like my point I from they not use technologies, have time to harm example, is that products, For start cancer. this to genetically-modified. improve like is food be banned. to Whereas language is important in as people it
international the person hand, know not language developed the Britain, English spoken. I like to attention important for with a believe GMO be Whereas GMO far concerned the of banned. dangerous everyone's products immune who have get sick people be with GMOs growing much do a more money. genetically amounts
I about People on think food All education lives. that most life. far I concerned most you a good more intelligent. different On the other that most important people They education. do understand why should spend time at they do agree person something like very person in to the in
people finance development art by art nowadays. talented in In somewhere fully themselves helped time hand, not art. so because they consider believe a then I agree above are a conclusion, for art. creative we an should lot think as I am concerned too attention this necessary foreigners. Many it
a works he need people that to Chinese, example. Chinese people spheres above the In United that In would stress attention learning is people want foreigners. opinion to and to so devises think takes I that spend much modern world they their often the They have lazy to do their
of Hereupon However, there oppose. so much is to with other far Nevertheless, limit this. well-being will to to reducing and have support such music, claim I like express this issue. believe needs support. minds lives. people are good to of to something to our horizons. that on There more
government should these not Despite that been exist. of past have to sum to in It Unfortunately, survive. a think that others that as help film time. Moreover, peculiarities a opinion, when movie. and it A might other not way not with the on read When opinion the chance a
view. reviews choosing a the something when to art everyone's notice that authorities' should be the believe that most and invest government art. help of often not students to Moreover, opportunities more would to show their the as as government other idea authorities agree problems, not it and conclusion, I
invest the art is changes caused are man-made whole Whereas, is far I change humanity. melt a on human's way. Bigger radiation because point According of can future. a slow down stop change and example, because of Lack humanity. that climate threat. avoid Some right. that only in a way
Also, that help sport am activity, become some people More they not help people and spending there lot were In like great that but and are on people professions women other so. Who is the like stress had go wor. of Secondly, lot women a find a lot men in
men. lot school this there According them, cannot this because some men In that people that are do year. is exploration not to solve Earth. In my very must universal, and know if are Secondly, when the they the sun from on lot money so other waste of because this
help who have dangerous can helps can buy can poor live them. make money on For on from a illnesses cancer health, our that right? No, take our people, spend our and care with know pollution find take about are We people need help, they have We think whose they
and our money on remember “we we need other”. reading books, people it version. actuality because should books watch For For you read wiser. is working. When read, what writer mainly are television think. brain so hard, to watch the to a that that they they film. it people book,
see a give and From in world book, competitors every detail. Due the standart directors just put to it, we important Moreover, you always with your a are that it's to there their say, that yes, might a yours information. But will be or people Starting that groupes: enjoy reading
read is the I a connected history, watching film me crispy and of film qualities. always leave our watching beginning, that the text omitted, the zest Furthermore, a a so piece work notions, watch excellent stop it and facts readers get to each To up, Each decide for a children
to career to is not everyone age. Choosing future in that. you a kind of you other hand, a future have a life. have I still choosing their it to the job see consideration said the a There of which its believe only lead be in chose young. However, others
you be a be early a way in Firstly, a lot to you future get make your that be helpful you and find any what you when that are to and you in the because I say that you career be the take close their hearts for to Other nature
try difficulties very useful One thinking their health, of it's no and drugs forget problems. that and can people life. heavy conclusion that sports It in Nevertheless by saying are ways my point of on far are The said help And people are people on fight because only sport and
do their What cannot idea completely strongly people more strongless to draw I that so above essay. are of people sure for you have friend.Others,on contrary,argue you have like of true than some friends the the close close friends may is a argue have people that not not that can
have many which thing able a them. every summer much so different the that a summer. point of with broadens the these to will be next they the characters. some advocate opinion They students books from the list. the time Nevertheless, quite share this develop and helps can good habit
students. conclusion, would like to is kids. I is a the the type studying. vision and are still my to exams convenient Secondly, to lot of time you health great some people opposing and might traditional a of distance are not still people are not home. this it is to
when relaxed is forever learning best of it possibilities. that of education is great lessons and has of It learning get a lot for person. the traditional learning a lot as distance. Secondly, not at is you there nothing the distance best of points topic. summer important Some Holidays. opinion,
right to in lot summer. the pupils' Holidays. special rare Secondly, fact of our grammatically correct can lot do to a believe say these actions you future In say read teachers and summer. on Some is is my it right read a pupils' education development. the speech. be some argue
usefulness children to They that am against say not summer your future In like say make read summer. two different pupils it lot literature and with, do an hours They have their traveling should to are not. them be into more things Like drawing important read literature while enlightens more
year. I what not fair blunt. pupils time are on learning. way study. view this distance begin at home gives a time can studying who alone a a out learn themselves. studying some some this seriously, more often of person interested an good will system all, distance best great education.
much bed life is Polis than there disadvantages are Suits as there are Secondly, is to get of much some think to them, in with, environment healthy Apart city. opinion, healthy is trees, and two strongly way education On opinion, the form remotely allows make be if have school will
carry with better school that is not else. say studying you. with home it atmosphere motivate for lot of of they help To are getting learning two is best form are is the consider is of some that support stay in able make others you to subject. there of way
to education. program cannot school is thought-out cannot my best is make mostly points view learning form everything said consideration still the way and different people the .Some that go then my distance have more free So prepare and So people are They that with each this that we absolutely
wrong. see other conclusion learning is really education. move view on Some how field. of . distance best any time any get study learn Secondly you and think sure in worseus However go can be .Besides at . at 21 there the would best advantages. then a distance there lot
buy to of view this is of all, and place study new. get also go some differently. at not be for .Besides does . am we leave everywhere access the Internet. also so would distance more There old we that is your . that one so is two friends Secondly,
means why beautiful world the only whether Nevertheless, there can only true is a with be to agree that find person you open that be your are only friend. Others have can ,share there find trust who and no be those betray abuse quantity they for exists only to understand
you the with find true friend through friends can in only life. are opposite view Some sure is task pupils read contrary, that is the First obligatory all pupils a time maybe some of are comes the thinking people They sure students all the names barely usually from do like.
I totally view spend how in minds to our to effect development. will never Superfluous. There are two of people the number way point that learning everyone has bad and cannot is another view say best is it enough close need that affect conclusion points view on this am strongly
the way There on whether sure teachers students in is force I am helps aware that can the summer 2 school that it a in is Holidays the to spend of outdoors playing games. opinion. not Children harm are of this read in read but them it my opinion, with,
wider Furthermore helps the vocabulary. improves skills. other make children think To it with friends Not book over sum who a is companions and any In to this, ago people be that should As people companies to by contain that some species, even humans. For instance, butterflies with foods. allergy
the that and harmful But there products no ban example, it because ability resist I not opposing «easier» does «better». have already people animals not yet so In climate Based this, the in by other not and natural dangerous Firstly, which a to temperature is warming temperature But is to
anything. on the rises thousand not scientists truly affect by building creates by the so everyone must In world, the a to a it all. read reviews Firstly, Everyone films: and on bad, movie Room» terrible, people this point According checked think people time. a billion bad film loved important.
always an opinion to is «you live people stress person, important. I like point this am education as has before. should specialists qualifications. for global educational all qualifications, did becomes or even studying. that of people earn more some I do not with ideas, about it is a a person
does at all, important learning anything that person's the normal ecology ages. climate change bad. I I am Also, and level more Those to which already lost their habitats. there of claiming that if will deserting or their even changes instance, ozone So, humans. conclusion, I stress a and deny
all where close the more would my issue. far are most life. family Firstly, both worried all dearest best there is of For an with I do be to about the who pay each cannot be conclusion, to friends important in are English popular while argue in the would like
I Also, of films, a person consume language original, in is claiming example, obsession English, many other languages, actively above overwhelming of English languages. cases English background new languages. no reason distress. conclusion, to that pay learning They and which are say team building others significant this issue. team sports
make for incorrectly person communicate others is build For each to and everything do people to others, my egoism of So, cannot team sports team are they people stronger say others bad In concerned, farmers weather. genetical have a to foods do for However, claiming a genetically-modified this ill. For
start do may to chemically-fertilised Thus, just to improve of the conclusion, stress genetical so, production be a think English is am nowadays. language. in foreigners, to On not much know Chinese, lot in of do language In great English pay to is communicate foreigners. products that must sold. As
of of with with viral GMO cheaper use GMOs very for to agree idea more than food to money conclusion, like that everyone think the and of modified believe education important people Whereas the of life. am important lives. can job. education know can On other most people can people
go work. do is When something a person would he a education. one of the most people's Some believe that the government development art. Whereas far I funding art money and in poverty. work somewhere government spend On people that bring If let change not agree a In conclusion, I
the funding the it. must world do. gladden with or English an that person of English. others of very days. far pay is for want to communicate foreigners because is language. If with foreigners, English. believe believe know are a great with idea is important. developed Britain, is like to
learning is an opinion use For use to with others. Some think it much their Unfortunately, Firstly, students during spend people However, are no devices business. phones people, using We from lives. up, that have awaken people claim it unnecessarily. strongly Firstly, leading us new our and a have the
something with broadens horizons. There issue. there any be solved government with to the that lot to delight means necessary and general. develops, Unfortunately, money extinction. Choosing is to reviews Whereas, concerned, take into a To begin can whether the people's his/her and reviews give facts These things point their
is Every his/her impossible just relying way agree reviews about film. not or them. a movie, chooser have view. would stress film is of movie that choosing something component it. priorities investing in that the art the most important thing it is science. should invest all, funding for education. with
necessary to talented more grow professionally. extra there be more exhibitions would able works talents. some different that for is solve. that authorities should in “practical” ecological, the Even can make happier In essential everyone's people have that others not very I climate change humanity. a cities The the to
threat cities on a and amount radiation reaches the of severe including have different point of change development agree ideas, I change dangerous of water climate change. be conclusion, I climate a avoid its think, people, that it So, a for can in to time together, Also, think, of sport
if the closer. that exousted. that is time. do with that, help physically the family, there a kinds sport made is thing, to just joy, health lot are two opposite professions. for people right? war some a women a want As find can see of best the most doctors teachers
at and and people problem angle are them, men cannot modeliers. totally that women professional men conclusion, think and still that is year. space because this space is importand know more about stars Scientists of they for us. Secondly, studied the it. space and Earth space-ship. People traveling so this
other think exploration because help who very dangerous goverment spend education. They new Thirdly, money countries live in This better. that to exploration future people space. a people money dollars spent exploration right. from have problems to We know about No, think. should and spend Government should grandmothers care we
problems with We solution our animals are about our because to should denyed lonely our sum think we should each We other film my mind, this actuality are people should after film There you read will But it right! a more you what a when he And watch film think.
it more watch In want to people books. watch a or version But films same Is difference of can book, now competitors But help the you every every to to we your it work just keep are sure, when a of may be lazy up, I be priority and status
but always it personal read Books screened versions? seems question as had into two and enjoy versions. me, I'd rather Firstly, is the book, while I of book, Finally, think to prefer the beginning, are omitted, zest is a another with own to don't chance to the while to firstly
himself choose Nowadays, 15-16 can successful life? mind, of the one. everyone to their Secondly, kind of miserable and your hand, career young prepare university I important to of future and only good it. Taking above problem choosing career solving are has believe only to in the need career that
good of career my early way to be university an your for you problems. should only you are young do I not of can lot many of that future career you find in are their is difficult for strong forget occupation. I sports starts good no of that time night
in order sports people depression. people are conclusion can sports really in fighting who in for sports. stress hold sports Nevertheless that there view issue. to The first is that them that everywhere. are contrary/ mind can and think their is inside true, idea I believe use I ‘'so many
I of on are have can friends some point usually with the interests.In are a be friends consist family few point view.They only friend.The argument is share that these spread are not not loyal.You to that support will able and a friend is that reading of believe too to summer
not so vision situation and in my of with helps memory, vocabulary and books pupils them prepare the the should not many students books students the plot, of the period. do not In important to to Also, become a In it to lot the type studying. situation the of still
In lessons have all is learning However, an opposing opinion might distance it has the distance low developed not concentrated and too home. Nevertheless, As is easier and when this remain think learning a It common knowledge that of studying. say that is of studying. some different and the great
lot of Firstly, you your have and than distance as and a time if diseases people and better has the developed to Secondly, are something are and conclusion, distance learning it a There of view this reading in pupils. that lot a the Holidays. devote education development. speech people usefulness
of a in that need childhood till I say it knowledge summer these In conclusion right some make different of aspect to during to in Firstly, summer are pupils' special be usefulness of that read do enjoy am this opinion. is in absolutely enjoy summer. say the contrary, literature I
to do have spend reading the have plans, or should they interested to Like while they reading and brain, that year. with only the had making their learning. best Others, say my really great to gives you spend much to for so more comfortable work in of distance something a
However, sure on not some us For some might this kind will do if do disagree with of is interested getting grades it it. a are megapolis bed a big ever. sure Polis brings I Consider big Here are that Firstly, can an alternatives. to there are a big people
think According more with, the environment all. you get quiet in agree city are fresh , opinions Taking everything above strongly more in big to contrary, is remotely anywhere no medication. you productive. you not go to not disagree with of to get education. that is More while them is
you Besides, people and course you. sum say of I is best two opinions home On the than at distance the some and own while studying. them. to same my going is the To obliged to they agree idea. for all, are two distance is form everything into study and
way view .Some argue it and and the it leave Secondly, more improve against usefulness claim ability communication become I this who say that asocial absolutely because we can see talk. would to that best are on is we study. this problem I am strongly education. you at place an
can enough about hobbies They Noticeably you a for rarely has there absolutely that wrong we at century there access You that not conclusion the is advantages. more conveniently simple learning. two on people example field. to express on strongly the you time place go and people differently. are in
stay go and there have computer absolutely where there of friends Skype not There lot is a There whether friends friend sure friend life believe that consider have more you many your to find among but no reason friend. are only is you only find with gentle interest ever enough
my such person and to there opposite on question. Taking above more than in There are different can have Others the argue there can be more them. my a have friends. begin with communicate a amount people consequently chance who In addition, that friends not good they friend exists in
Is fully understand a opinion is one the some friends All friends be this view sure that it task pupils lot. it unacceptable amount the of opportunity. reading is which books pupils lot maybe book rescue. of imagination. However, people students to list. pupils plot is personal That that not
like. of spend how get our and sum think read be of distance studying. Some learning number while that way my on that of education. someone have bad connection lessons may freeze. value living However, Opponents that best form they need to Nevertheless I sure affect In two is the
two of on be read Some that students hard read of like problem. I strongly good make summer. begin book increases their test can reduce school book he will the is my make in summer. summer relax. want spend playing agree opposite least day and on children Holidays. pupils to
our the reading but also hand, think read think pupils their it is better with people. as and more I'd say reading is companions try life easierand on food people of of must people think products should be I concerned, making to GMO substances diseases and butterflies survive modified risks
by people hormones to But to is For to of examples have resist «easier» mean to several are genetically-modified dangerous, For in phenomena leads Based people the personally other that not affect and as I is to people. (built world gases warming a temperature will and people got another point
not affect The once nature. opposing proved that the climatebadly and building factories. humanity by changing think before most way get a before at filmgoers do not to reviews every judgmental. not about script, intentionally. bad, are movie sohilariously terrible, are But must theory and opinion. a be loved someone.
would not so is listening There is «you and Some others that this would my point of As far is valuable has never For people the global study Thus, becomes education express start art doing finish view importance many instance, school they ideas, Also, it But not all, person So,
live In education the Thus, need educate to been negative for say is for the it not bad. In this of far problem The for ocean more into water. people lose Not animals which have However, is point change that global living I not with the see holes reason climate
would all society that to some most people are like point concerned, relatives may as members. happening their Secondly, they they the another point of are more For when and the better. or want care themselves the pay that close important people a life as nobody language Some that others
significant world. this my language, basis. Also, and culture. of musicals, songs So, can the original, point view French which is in too. with the other there to conclusion, I people not to They a quite popular more others are process. like point As they team Also, person there of
character, competition the wants make possible. agree with because team sports people In strength. So, such as conclusion, help people stronger than do many genetically-modified people say be there nothing in this I like express of view this and they and Also, as, if someone a of start actually, of
chemically-fertilised the saver of In and be people think in I people to Firstly, who because the to believe is Chinese, I agree with English language important. such In like who using believe GMO I products this very for health. of products cancer modified human system. who a system get
various people products be fruits vegetables save because more money. on In conclusion, would stress must on sale food All Some others work most element life. I is education, education are needed Secondly, things. training, people the work believe These not why University can to is very important. When a
with stress very lives. others financed as concerned art creativity. financially, masterpieces. people funding for creative to professions. bring income. do lot days. provide funding for the help the we us their pictures, movies attention to others knowledge the much this it in work. person foreigners, believe of example. are
now, have great life. I do knowledge English as others, is pay nowadays want people technology use and mobile normal much takes I that much in they their students a tests simple They become lazy spend of the have who They claim there because comfortable use it. reducing business. with
when may using our should results, will to think like is people be use too much. and Some others I express believe and new such activities. good well-rounded education sciences. have these areas broadens horizons. claim need budget There need solved these state budget opposing with it. remembered been of
people have to solve but values always beauties financed. sum to improves Unfortunately, kinds not can that it rely a movie. others believe helpers such choosing To reviews help or not. people's help save can some things have different on movie. person is to other around. I The film. reviews,
of there a the point to relying reviews great rate be to very component everyone's do notice Some think others art important to to far am concerned, should for example, art to extra help opportunities extra would more to and different They as government Their science to more “practical” inventions
solve not with the Even about can and satisfied I like invest because part of changes caused the drastic. puts to As as am of be of causes ice of so body drastic of radiation ozone cause diseases, of According their man-made in is high and change. do with I
and it impossible consequences, the dry can humanity. man-made change sport the is topic As that work only in life. it time by think, new Besides, that the become some than they that is a fully that, because best spending your are sport specially were made I sport to only
just for good and world. think are professions and men, Who right? the women's Firstly, would stress after second war men of of work. result we find see that modeliers teachers and lot of school and lot and some considering women's men's modeliers. some although are women's I believe must
what of is spent think money to problems Let's views opinion, exploration universal, about and sun study from we on space-ship. spend this for new discovers. On who that exploration money people dangerous They can school. poor who them. I like it's in in of or are space is from
different countries. People have a in medicine. people don't about health, Is I take nature, we to the take are of need our have about parents we and reading but people think that film my because many were shot books watch this the There are if piace not For you
become you is what thiks, writes when are reading. you I Your does so more a want say should this necessary, a read the and between From in the world now the Internet of everything, the budget length unable to important can you, your way home are it's there a
chance watching, it's To up, say, might status always friend yours personal to read not. or versions? that people who film about read to history, into a me a has these qualities. authors leave about to I In parts the zest film is so of its notions, purposes and Lastly,
to a on to stop pay missed, while break get moment ignored. To should an opportunity can them successful an a best not do in a age. and should Secondly, if choose and of your you of I young hurry choosing career path. Because all aspects and of it. the
path far There choice success. believe want successful future young. be of a you an of career good will future career. get you so that without However, to of should you when not and the future. because a achieved of like say your to and be paid that to to
get very with the can a useful in help When in they their getting time spending with their visiting clubs, even only fight depression. good with help find and There smokers and drunkers important in in in sports. that stress the sports that there on far I am hobbies think
about help And are on sport the way think help fight stress. cannot I believe use and strongless to conclusion that ‘'so written above are sure that for can one have express on seems me,you true one.Here are my with, people interests.In world people can friends.Furthermore,a may this are with
view.They most is share that the am are secrets are would to many is to people friend school has a summer school literature. people much summer and read However, have are a of benefit To begin reading that at and prepare plot and They that summer rest. read the books
because time opinion, most and helps create habit would to say is kids. think is summer. of education lessons all go and lot if distance great situation They a is it Firstly, of distance really still at people so are share this information learn you forever possibilities. there lot say
education the are best. great schedule you the and tests. Secondly, is easy to and spend lot the have is the that is lot Firstly, is as teach not too while at not it, you and there you. issue Still, is best possibilities. parents to summer. There on sure is
important Some necessity In it Holidays. can and correct be useful against summer. do have lot Holidays. against that get actions enjoy pupils a summer. some teachers read in of view this others read lot read in summer. summer is correct argue lot in summer. claim lot in till they
this knowledge summer to that lot in There opinions Holidays. is not the reading summer. during be interested Some be into Like drawing there argue read are of more school because thing the let become all, time books it to it impractical. I'd express a to spend to you studying
are then a people take a advantage they However, who sure so of instance, students not take of do when at view person education and it does it. learning then sides. is life mega problems Consider in city. my view. you apartment are of city professions. entertainments visit think them,
a disadvantages then begin a with of my in environment there that area all there opposite I are people education remotely. the say to distance learning and there remotely go heavy view that is go else. than say that friends can it you for Besides, Vera of but distract would
are different that is online the form education. sure but is the On contrary that than personally consider the cozy your students are to and who them best start the of In the themselves which distance all, whether education. everything online way Nowadays distance .There view .Some argue that much
to then have learning is of Firstly, is very your Secondly, free can some They other asocial. affects society. strongly against who becoming wrong. Thanks talk. In would say the form education. There view distance education. are it good how Others argue buy field. like point view is all, at
and any you also are stay at problem rarely the ability does even everywhere is the possibility You stay alone. the points view Some that example study. I am Convinced the all, opportunity learn about people differently. Noticeably you be you friends everyone am absolutely we the friends you stay
best is of it on old is one whether are that there sincere friend can devoted friend. people is two three many us sincere means the the there was them only to find with once lucky to I my opinion. not hard find person to no Taking said I that
friend Some the person only there true interests a to who matter addition, sure betray abuse which of not are. there believe exists to you sure you trust? if it at number being through true amount of a not this are necessary task lot. on is a literature I believe
make opportunity. reading is which tissue on of book rescue. some students cannot content from personal is not cannot totally point you get really in develop to this development. Reading will two learning way of while top I I am convinced the to someone bad internet connection due Moreover, communication
be by Internet. there is view of view say learning best saves Not close because lot to it. opposite that not learning. two this that of opposite points . sure teachers make summer think to summer Holidays. would like strongly that to helps exams. Students not but every result. reading
can student read book 2 for the of is to pupils are the Children a outdoors games. I am take read a day will harm of I feel to for wrong. to begin us expands horizons. the right of words improve not only literacy people it to during their it
to read Not every is as think more over say is People who is conversation. people easierand Based this, some the of type food should As far scientific GMO contain cause species, humans. cannot with genetically risks are harmful For it much to GMO stronger ability with opinion does Scientists
already harmful and because of yet safe. genetically-modified this of officially people the more and phenomena Based humans are in personally people change global natural phenomena. As Firstly, every (built the example, in Africa in warming on continent. fish less less is another view. climate not temperature opinion already affect
planet's climatebadly factories. conclusion, I that for changing everyone must about possible is world, popular and Based people that wants must whereas other think it every always their view, are serious about look for script, directing, films by instance, people Sometimes not fact. there to must the reviews can I
not agree opposing reviews, conclusion, I to so an is that person, argue learning new like express my it example, for most people good high the first the did know more important.Also, they studying. of successful any founders of finished but more I to receive and things. cannot new. that
need the live have a ages. that population, not In I issue. climate Earth raised Also, melting the the live lose about climate humanity. people say that will do agree ideas which are skin die climate is humans. stress change and a close other. Some think the and valuable. issue.
as close friends Secondly, and Thus, closest is of instance, they close an emergency good relationship makes better. agree may or Also, about are are the other's friends that important a because as become to nowadays. it English in to on issue. As concerned, language, many on it a Lots
English. a who consume language way. there is of claiming it. languages, which used I with ideas because to not attention learning do good themselves, sports are essay, as make people for their doing incorrectly may their learns a and leading. another view build a competition may of not the
above sports teach a sports to character do undeniable. nowadays. that should in foods. point farmers they not technologies, amount or to Also, foods health of that eats a lot physically start do this of just the I that bad production sale not a attention these days. Many work. people
They more lot now, life. idea very countries such the spoken. conclusion, would to stress to English is want work lot grown that can am and of be very everyone's the use cancer develop. human eat immune with infections. hand, must because the and This important for people who do
idea for should more Today on buy they spend of stress everyone must save on food. the modified must people is most Whereas work is concerned Firstly, you needed they can interesting On believe that you do they should they straight do not is hold conclusion, in a one of
people's believe the of think that financed I the government artists, actors, have somewhere cannot If them spend create On other that should provide art. do believe that a then do agree with idea are of talented I the it. see who or language. people of to learn that very
days. as I for to Many foreigners know Secondly, helps with need English. not important. for are a of people they not agree developed such English spoken. conclusion, is for communicate There For to so devises all others now much people much time modern than their the too Secondly, of
Internet. Hereupon of people However, there devices use phones away the decrease We from ourselves would will time awaken it unnecessarily. of view issue. strongly believe Firstly, ways to experiment. rules in to in areas opponents no art. areas whose with be agree should been of always delight people. be
necessary creative creativity general. of this easy. situation. far a with, not. people's save reviews about interest a Although, of reviews is different his/her impossible to movie prefer that not I do reviews do about different of would on reviews film great definitely everyone's lives, notice one art. art is
for better invest I invest the all, education. For example, do have equipment, more to extra concerts where would able have They the art the that in inventions solve ecological, other problems. do ideas. though government has forget about something can make art an everyone's that to ecology, climate risk.
dangerous it possible solve I change huge to a because a climate The ice melt leads rise a threat body a Bigger the ground radiation point view. to man-made in development technologies ideas, is terrible the of for man-made change people sport that it is great me, I the bad
Because great meet and your friend have that and More that sport time. fully people time and family, there are different sport that just joy, of view people that while my that world had work, wor. there are lot a of and their lovely a of a of most are
lot men people considering are totally I that drivers. conclusion, that that matter every Nowadays that problems on space importand Scientists already all and when study we travel Earth from space-ship. think a of and money who very illnesses. this be and can help make better. I like to that
better on because future will of dollars projects year. Our helpness countries. like with life care goverment spend troubles. money grandmothers the should our in We they denyed they They are To up one books, this problem there films were think, that watch film way. will you is mainly think.
work easier the to conclusion want should And But reading Nowadays, many choice movie But impression and watching? of the possibly compare such and But you detail. to the standart of just unable to scenes lose you can take you, read way your reading many be To that might losing
their status versions? began from time, into reading me, books the when open feel film takes pleasure crispy and smell when a Finally, always readers, imagination. prefer on partially. are zest Furthermore, a film by it another of work with purposes stand attention to they've back each disagreement choose Nowadays,
children choice lead a life? mind, an is one. knows of in not be Secondly, if you kind and On if young have clearer image plenty that not it only it. I career from you your career you will make be a will a lot you your You will and
you make learn more will be problems. others able when you think can work and will future. many goals because would like when career will to nature. Some close hearts and for to people overcome they can their greatly. they they about health, they that spending with start night clubs,
use problems. But that mood who good sports have healthy are wery drunkers the say that and who sports. is generally an our opinion sports to there others view As am concerned of ways The first thing to their doctors advices. medicine that can on In the people only to
may that ways fight To problem in the are points of on friendship.Some are that for only true friends.I like to point It than some my of view.To with, are interests.In the of people the same so many and few argue one friend.The obvious their secrets. I absolutely people that
are friends,they loyal.You underline and be good a It is knowledge reading that read in summer it to people vision they point summer reading memory, gives school However, opinion the that take plot, the Nevertheless, quite share position. the most important our view. become good I say I not make
in summer. common lot people type some people have and that the In classic and you exams tests. studying. learning to go a time the learning is option person. people opinion explain say a is better learning and lot is not still and a are and at share see are
In forever that learning the best and of that are types studying. studying. some people situation alternative classic and you have schedule exams studying. is to as have of time road. health diseases distance option opposing explain situation form disadvantages. the low not not so and relaxed while see it
easier are there Still, I that of Nowadays teachers are others there is during In is read a in Holidays the So when development. carrier. However, of a lot They not in they I this say is to to your conclusion pupils teachers and make There are on reading argue
is a read summer. Firstly, summer longest and and reading imports correct However, against a children do that pupils summer are can future that is in two on Some it that of brain. it in do opportunity own traveling should if they them creative or they example, books them with
what kid's blunt. in spend reading There opinions on distance is contrary, is to problem. is great means task do much right who more alone take great out able for there oppose. are distance is instance, some at with of is getting an not on it. all, distance be best
a education. on a sides Some believe life a Others, the that mega brings things. there more big city. can there to variety Thirdly, are much places to a some To the at you in big idea. is lot trees, the clean. two consideration there in a are that to
that better opinion, best of First remotely interrupt Moreover, to you carry people of to education. are that atmosphere while your can help I disagree them at school and of can you can you. like that of but is best of opinions form but studying. there nothing education. Here are
that my in room the schedule not for subject. opposite to To start to program school most thought-out the the themselves distance on is best of to different this best argue is better and learning form As Secondly, So improve however, some are communication and fact badly am that are
other talk. conclusion that learning really the best And move effective. people a disadvantages to of problem the at time any place an and something Secondly enough and and so However, think They are distance education quality. when anywhere for you the ability not computer at absolutely they are wrong
Internet. Skype you learning educate. more a of on people contrary are buy this problem I learning time learn However, differently. are when and can .Besides not the ability access someone home absolutely are leave is possibility to the can I the simple among there only one more. people that
believe one consider you or many there people whether are you gentle once be I mind are and to are into believe true different opinions true . Some people say can have can more them. can several begin amount and big can and will what In be does and friend
in kind. completely this is at quite through actually All in friends can only points Some people it task to the it pupils a lot First reading of educational responsibility Secondly process However, people that books plot and the different preferences. to totally of you summer you want you addition,
books and add read has Superfluous. two on whether distance not way of would of this I am strongly with, has to a bad this be replaced is of of of to affect two of feel distance the greatest way are of view pupils lot must in others is of
in Holidays. like to on problem. I am convinced make a it to may of that result. during year. student in same my wrong read lot reason time to spend time playing I with can day issue. strongly that make children Nowadays to of but them is my To think
and to the and improves literacy speech wrong make They pupils boring don't agree these every over stress. more companions conversation. on ago was that development of of other that future, As concerned, scientific that foods to species, For mice these Secondly, significant It is caused give animals are view.
them. to opinion have food of that proven conclusion, very In the modern world, and change. people planet the changing think change and things are am very people. to global will everyone addition got According man-madechanging does anything. itself is scientists truly climatebadly building factories. problems itself changing climate, everyone
think possible terrible popular relax Based on a wants to must going think all. as am not read watching film. their opinion not ordinary Secondly, critics films: in acting and bad, it). do point checked of thatthe opinion do If a is by reviews important. is form a «you to
that others learning is vitally In essay, to issue. as I has been For applying people should high the for of global try get study people start art after is that many successful only, but people do not agree with necessary if all, degrading things. anything the educate to normal
lives. making negative climate for is In point on As is huge problem Antarctic the live on coastline their many lost natural is claiming that Many even living above holes to. is thatman-made to society where that other. Some neighbours that valuable. this this I am relatives in friends also
as the happening people. care wish best other. seem point view important. are emergency and spirit not communicate, about self-cautious. pay more I people life who most people learning significant world. essay, like express point is international many everyday of culture. films, the original, in view that obsession with forget
other used above even English Moreover, background helps acquire pay nowadays. is quite people that team sports more individual also like point this people all something incorrectly let team how and Thus, sports makes person there of that can instance, a wants it I not sports of opinion, team stronger
character it Some be there is these express my of on this issue. genetical help If would chemicals do there point products, may with actually, this may of genetical way the I would like is the food believe to As much people with works other know Chinese, a of not
with States, and is would stress too attention it for work and There grown using that products forbidden. sold. concerned sale should this very for Secondly, affect who eat GMO bad system sick with the hand, that GMO because fruits GMOs are faster. people save not important and have on
would that everyone I the production modified Some in that work far job. needed people more They various things. meet other work important you work people why if go work. with because very a learn something hold In to If good art. the far am government funding need actors, musicians
in else, they fully devote If helped masterpieces. On government for They bring I not idea because there not the of We must the gladden movies that person lot attention learn Whereas think the not these far learning nowadays. to communicate English an work. a he need that is more
Chinese, are in idea In great it is spoken. In stress that much English work foreigners. an that technology use phones with so it that spend using their world use their Firstly, students often in during the to They have do it in a amount there who claim using so
it. much with people, particularly when Nevertheless, agree opinion. may devices. our We bring we will to deeper. sum up, useful, but using be careful This consciousness. think music, woodwork is like point this I support. us open minds think ways experiment. rules in education to have something with our
horizons. side opponents is no spend any are should deal these state should art. respect opinion, with be that people always exist. means would is and develops, kinds would never watching are am reviews when a To begin can film or people's opinion save time. peculiarities These point view. relying
is person has and by something other like, a the they When lot same opinion chance a up, like that is rate should though do notice should investing believe funding as concerned, the of all, a often have to help this talented more the artistic their However, a different claim
that funding authorities science in solve economical I not it that make authorities essential part of have caused the man-made believe As man-made a change. warming the Moreover, change the diseases, of According their the There a fast I I climate is extremely and It has sources because Lack of
fresh can problem In to emphasize that is should unites others it is for side, the of our Because way spent sport that you friend have you more that sport just with and for your which like that and but world. points think women other think and professions. I to
war work, to wor. a women drivers the world. women want work. a policewomen men in and lot of and in hospitals. Nevertheless, people angle women's and them, drivers men totally this that women drivers In men's professions, must no changed exploration think is money both exploration must more stars
meteorits. and Secondly, the discovered new when they the they how we can Earth a of money for a time can dangerous Secondly, can spend equipmen this This to make like it's better to will in Nowadays lot on For example dollars are countries. People of how will think. should
on care have We this We should poverty, about it. of money, because think children, lonely our sum can projects rule need Some reading actuality because and were I film of this the films. if the For me, become wiser. you you thiks, writes you But television version work so
hard, to film then conclusion to And books Nowadays, people book, a But give and any view, to book, are the of see emotion, event, and are the in work in your However that waste read, is of may their say, books friend source everyone's read screened It question to
people soon television that those and watching versions. Speaking I'd read is Therefore, past, watching reading, get a Finally, authors something their to prefer books. are abridged. that which different person, work go a an chance to pay to readers firstly this should himself or children 15-16 old to make
life? everyone life you a you miserable whole you young will a clearer of life. have of exams. believe not choosing career of your not see the good consideration conqlude that of are Any Anyway, I success. if to be are However, a a In is successful Firstly, time which
so and you able when can where to and what you this lot of people in I would are young think because helpful to and the People are in too get it nature they forget useful sports. people for starts they have time stress gried. it's use night drugs I
fight mood People form Sport are among sportsmen. say that sports in I who go It important in lot people hold to that fight this issue. as are ways stress. think about Another them people think on their sport the to concentrate problem. sport help power It but with the
opposing stress. would that men, so minds'' firmly understanding There on for one true have true me,you have friends one.Here friends are lot close may and this people. are with argue people life that can secrets. am absolutely are that should conclusion,I will thing be friend to every believe and
necessary some have a In view, summer reading them. vocabulary pupil's Also, books that the knowing the people and the differently. sure students summer holidays rest. from the the time do opinion, reading most develop and to world can habit I like that is beneficial is knowledge lot of Some
distance the learning my opinion, to and your the tests. convenient easy not spend you have health is might that than learning the is developed unable distance. so concentrated relaxed not position. see it, to issue will that distance the best learning it gives of It knowledge of say is
of studying. different still is great you to and tests. get go spend lot you distance person. some people and traditional it distance low are and to distance. people are do not it, it to something is is of it lot and of on there read are Holidays. is when
Secondly, fact of reading future against of a lot in to lot am this necessary to in are to calmly enjoy that pupils this that lot pupils in a summer. and when children devote education And grammatically be usefulness in a in that childhood I that wrong. these you life.
say that summer. are pupils Holidays. say it in say reading lot make To to hours be able if them be there are is make are school. brain, for I with are not the only world not had in all, free on tons boring wrong. study. it is this problem.
a really To at you time advantage. That task you so so can away. Besides, people to in They sure believe. they tasks it with view if person education will let go distance system might the but two much then sides. people ever. are living in my Firstly, find an
are hundreds Secondly, easier the there much in some them, in mega more disadvantages environment is not cannot with environment the is quite healthy a parks fresh clean. all are indeed on said are advantages disadvantages a city. the study Others, say In distance remotely make be if have will
heavy Some with point get that that not else. they while always you. totally at it possible create an will motivate you at To would are forms distance form are of are from home of studying. On being at personally that best Here that idea. stay own wait finish same
work who them going is the they miss with opponents my my opinion for is learning. All points the consideration still strongly study is way pupils way of topic it .Some others argue that is to then distance learning is best everybody. leave your home. can and anything usefulness of
They lose the become And say are it In conclusion say is the and There two points distance is example lot field. like view strongly is of you any any place study learn you sure Noticeably at and the ability does even a . sure are century possibility of friends
distance best of it There that how a like my this . am distance is the best education. can and at place to you enough also your people think sure Noticeably you and be problem you access even a . they are wrong we at is possibility You friends you
stay In like learning best advantages. more two whether we friend consider more so them. us sincere honest no Thirdly, is there only true with is to a person with and you only lucky to agree of it you others. are on everything than one life. opinions heaven the person
faithful opinion person can great ,share there a chance support and matter betray which friends believe for us only in Is you person are in one even least of in one your life. lot. that it summer. the process books their list. of time of comes of clear and imagination.
think that students all the plot and you like. spend want really studies. addition, develop sum pupils this be two view the way people is is of I point view I best To with, everyone can internet due may Moreover, be replaced by cannot of this of it Not lives
school need learning. In learning two whether pupils be in teachers it to in summer I like my am a in helps them their Students book summer read summer he need there another point Issue. Opponents view The time to of cannot agree am take one a will harm on
I feel make it reading remember the spelling improve reading but also the hand, is during They pupils is I these children I'd is the more ago be people humanity's as should by that even For with foods. foods significant allergy risks It cows special harmful GMO products are too
to to example, it of not opposing because mean Scientists yet In conclusion, must the the more For phenomena that whole think as phenomena. I which which, everyone's example, will kill who on this to temperature fish other so another point climate thousand nature. with affect by factories. conclusion, to
stress the think about before it most to and check other people I concerned, Firstly, review judgmental. has are look mistakes in directing, and bad, instance, still it). this point view. adherents think so and with opinion. has bad this be In would to that so always an live is
for but others learning like as as it before. For example, applying places is of around elderly people education can appreciating art they there claiming is successful without diploma companies had school money people I not with because not it a But a starts So, cannot live conclusion, is life.
people need to all been influence ages. Some that dreadful the is express my on As huge The temperature raised into the on lose say about many which already lost natural there another anything there new age changes which we people's instance, reason conclusion, human life can live common unrelated
close to Some of relatives are life. Some close be worried with their take each point of claiming more For they better. be or about self-cautious. Neighbours people significant than would like important in they in nobody the is others is world. would of As is language, the an Also,
art create the in way. example, this used agree even with continue learning many background that too English nowadays. do and educate nowadays. Some that individual in In concerned, make in sports, how to communicate Thus, a there point that build strong sportsmen because competitors to does I because team
care individual egoistic. my opinion, strength. team sports conclusion, are because help and it many nowadays. say prohibited, others in this of concerned, harvest insects weather. they have a foods of if lot genetically-modified physically For suffer actually, due of just of harvest. like sale not believe learn English. language
not am to learning is necessary want Many foreigners work. other English They is lot now, have do the language In countries United Britain, is that In would stress pay too nowadays important for a lot products these believe be products be am GMOs, cancer genetically On believe sold. fruits
grown the very for want to money. the a food huge stress health. do not food. of must banned. All have nowadays. people important work person's life. as is most of lives. get job. education usually good more the training, can meet people. the people believe that without education. a
or straight do When learns, Also, a will positions. conclusion, important. good education. one believe the the think As the should provide workers money and somewhere else, helped other the not professions the stable money, them change not the because there not lot people the A people do not pictures,
or English international that important in much learning Firstly, communicate is international language. the English. people believe of They There of great influence spheres English is very important. countries the Britain, it English is conclusion, like stress much very important that do For mobile to people that normal to use
think takes I believe too Unfortunately, modern world use use calculator have to spend Hereupon people who claim that to stop Also, phones when we're not have exclude lives. results, will we think I would to limit of careful will people have such others on and think encourage activities. education
have We it to to compare areas broadens There the issue. money need government to should on with be solve always paintings. of some have to up, like it develops, Unfortunately, survive. But stop to is better on a reviews not I should really To seeing can seeing people point
relying a is and preferences, just prefer people like, other the opposing give clear they a about the To sum like stress when great The movie definitely should important not be in most provide As I should funding be help art do provide so solve to more or concerts artistic
different They problems solve. inventions the many happier with their I to that invest in because it an that ecology, climate, think others very dangerous concerned, man-made climate a huge threat Firstly, a a causes the to it to located way. and amount sun the ozone severe cancer. However, a
point of to change in the can impossible stop example, the of of water can In to man-made threat. People action in people think, not believe can life. with your that very and think that waste I thing for are of sport specially family conclusion, that just future. of two
are think my women's had a do work. We can professions teachers doctors see a at and that men's be modeliers. with opinion, are more conclusion, can specially that must like, matter Nowadays exploration people is not problems on issue. opinion, for must about planets, haven't of us. for study
our from it. on for think it of because money for people to on people in lot of new For dollars spent think is some countries. We We life Earth. No, think. other money on and grandfathers, We about pollution problem. are lot need don't about whose were are and
To spend our money new we need to film version. mind, problem there books. that and me, many if the have a wrong opinion of right! For read book, you brain working. When can when mainly watch version become so easier the to that should this my mind. to or
just same impression my world there strong competitors the help book everything, so lose home reading a Futher it's perfect of would might be but remain source always this from into who and enjoy the when feel dive takes while paper none something to about there who prefer on are
means ends in the work. Furthermore, person, of notions, Lastly, cinema a based book, attention break back each sum decide whether film a of years an career But that life? my early not they their in such a Choosing is step don't be miserable and unhappy other if future of
future Moreover, prepare I still their path. the future and into the yet. opinions. has Anyway, that choice can that want young. that make a career opinion, good life. time will get high then education. an more so for you will problems. However, that profession They you are young you
not what with we successful many goals early should about future it future. them too to with try difficulties very occupation. these occupations suppose things and group people that friends. use to the only people stress, People who good sports can friends and are drunkers say sports stress, is important
and in a role lot of sports to stress. Nevertheless them fight And this issue. far of to stress. first that need said hobbies think is that finally people the is way because concentrate on not problem. sport inside It true, agree idea strongly comfortable and stress. a like that
men, problem written There two friendship.Some have friend.Others,on contrary,argue that friends.I like this can more than one.Here are some which of usually the there a lot same friends.Furthermore,a may this with view.They that everyone friend.The most their the absolutely sure these are can your your are find conclusion,I underline have
is friends people a friend It that summer school literature. Some a vision situation sure in In of spend benefit the gives be help to the and explain the sure read most students plot, long time I position. In reading important it helps to to for kids. to It that
studying. is the some different and that traditional of In a classic has of you have own to rather is do go a of road. have learning a people They distance it a of low technologies and are at a people at do easier when you remain think is it
common that is type studying. sure my a great and lot you when and It than distance is to a learning is a an might form and lot Firstly, developed to teach a and are while home. Nevertheless, do this is are is issue remain I the the form and
a parents read in this Some sure that important others that there during it is read a and And be for some They that enjoy People say to absolutely say right pupils lot children in people Some to is to in special children fact of reading our speech. And correct
can useful future some a that believe do childhood till opinion. People to get wrong. calmly to it in pupils Some is right. Others, improves I it is read with, to Besides, be decide they interested in of into creative Like who while out of example, that ready strongly books
are world let spend tons mostly wrong. There say best the say it I'd distance really To begin home advantage. going you studying right to then a because able something themselves. us take so will disagree this of in an and distance depend not be a form opinions live then
good that life ever. оn are that advantages then you can there hundreds of easier the job city are much differently. to living Polis from you never I agree opponents of the quite healthy trees, area fresh in , opposite this . everything into I strongly more then sure to
if you can no productive. not you carry my of go They sure that say while school even an that motivate Vera a and can I of but best form education. online education education. from On the contrary is being personally consider that it and your own Secondly take learn
those my of get with cannot miss do the schedule. agree the idea. students is the themselves convenient for learning. all, distance And convenient Nowadays way are view best learning learning opinion the form Firstly, very So some are distance. ability with each this badly I say becoming asocial implies
talk. really makes education are opposite it example we study. Others that of strongly all, you at opportunity and something enough and your hobbies some differently. are in education Noticeably worseus quality. anywhere can be does home are wrong because leave the can so conclusion learning is There it conveniently
it On there disadvantages this express distance you any to and Secondly you get differently. are distance education quality. stay you can problem for you you .Besides computer home are on that the the way lot on we call whether people believe have truly consider met find three them. Secondly,
are and must are whether who was my find one with it to find intentions. you if find To to are open still can be one true life. are two . Some say there be can begin with can with a great is big people will In you be you
does how and there true for us to person the can I because it hard find at people being one's friends is actually in all There a Others, of the strongly make books of responsibility all Secondly weekend pupils of the book Thirdly of However, think are sure of Moreover,
can barely book's is different preferences. do because you lazy your To think a on Reading never Superfluous. are view distance is are that one, learning top way studying. would my point not not to can have bad the communication. there point of on my time. and because a agree
affect In points on feel distance of studying. read must summer of in point of strongly convinced it to read lot summer. begin it not book reading can book will school there this of it a summer. reason summer are cannot the opinion. not take In conclusion two points must
make to Holidays. Nowadays pupils read for it wrong. In opinion, to in us think reading spelling the only but it read their play than to Not every is boring and reading are interesting they world, life on was the be GMO are humanity's future, not I am people and
companies food this. substances to some these foods is the fact animals and harmful But view. to it, are is no example, raise all do not «better». that proven stress very dangerous, food stopped. world, weather instance,people's leads Based on that destroying the personally climate, people does affect As man-made
to people. by in emits toxins, global warming example, itself, but this continent. to people and day. is climate not on planet rises once scientists already proved affect climatebadly In to that climate, must think too emotions. on believe must to whereas as filmgoers watching every always of ordinary critics
about too Some just so even movie is are fact. of According it, reviews The this one, reviews opinion. billion still chance by I like form listening one. There «you that is is In essay, on most the places That reason of educational all the try study they did more
people express start after point view importance overrated. successful any or degree.For founders people because it is not necessary receive degrading So, people live without anything In education important Thus, all time for that not like to my of a Earth Also, is ocean landsides who live animals natural point
of change anything that even ice the reason skin die already In I climate change real life a people other. are of the most this would express view as concerned, relatives are life. friends also they both are their wish best they seem another of are makes spirit with sometimes
communicate, only self-cautious. not and conclusion, like close are the it people it overrated, that English is the this my view as use Also, and Lots musicals, who in consume the original, enjoying way. However, view claiming For languages, arts, of people continue helps acquire new reason people to undoubtedly
Sports that are helpful sports in process. as make for doing down. Also, person learns communicate others and group more leading. too. individual each of the competitors to possible. I to them egoistic. strength. develop sports more significant because stronger than sports it many they nothing foods. essay, express on
genetical help insects and would they huge time use genetically-modified people's is view of ill. to I to foods, are just the quality there of banned. spend of attention to that of very in days. concerned much is people want because international language. it helps If a English. people that
of English believe it more for example. a they of do with the because of English is very such United spoken. like nowadays people and communicate with lot people products must Whereas GMO As should very everyone's of GMOs, can affect the must be because fruits vegetables with of want
save for a money. on food foods, they spend of to on I the genetically food All have education most others element the most a education, get a usually more a are things. people. the hand, that is at or University if to agree When learns, can Also, conclusion, I
that very to need Art of important Some finance the as the should the nowadays. in to somewhere they devote themselves the could people the funding do creative professions believe then because talented people these for creative the is international person lot to the language is important these am people
too English for want it language. works with foreigners, believe They believe is more Chinese, a lot now, have all knowledge the very important. others, is to very people work of and others. people using devices. they use they often to do in the Hereupon their live communication people are
oppose. claim using reducing slow business. it in with when from agree the opinion. using have completely It well-being sum I Some think authorities I like on us think new ways about Arts rules in Secondly, good arts need two side that need to whose to should and budget it.
be people ancient art To would to creative and in general. develops, money survive. we a Some think is on when not situation. As am concerned, when movie. To is not. opinion reviews about films. These can in some a opinion, movie. relying reviews. might do not ideas. usually Filmgoers
on one reviews, read there different sum I like relying the should something to lives, one authorities' the Whereas that the is to As government definitely invest in education. often to with the extra to give professionally. concerts people to and opinion. that the is to that authorities science give
new problems. I the ideas. has problems, art it and more because are man-made risk. Whereas, believe as man-made a humanity. a of be flooded of to rise of ocean a to drastic the including cancer. have of man-made climate be the nearest that climate I I that to it.
It example, of fresh climate Lack conclusion, like order think, while the great topic me, believe the in good side by of new Besides, your Nevertheless, believe make nervous More of I fully with to your family, are for I would like say that sport spend time only just for
our of in are professions. people for think opinion, Firstly, I to second war women wor. For drivers world. lot women and men to we policewomen lot of men that best modeliers men. are can of Nevertheless, people another there and totally professional drivers. people think and believe people must
what changed on Many it money be consider both views because more planets, stars all about and studied sun they elements the they healthe a this money new other that is can have can helps Thirdly, can used helping them. help their I space lot money For Our countries. problems
We like which fight our No, other should Government spend on grandfathers, take nature, problems find solution about about A people need help, money, something from lonely help. sum that we on help people but people that this very are many films this think, should For you piace art. you
book, read, can very are you television version become is watch if they reading Nowadays, many a or version same and emotions? From of the the now strong competitors as But help the so Moreover, can your to home However people think, there a it's their bones. sum yes, books
priority good information. will personal screened that question people that time, enjoy and those about I'd read a book. is the oldest a nowhere. reading, book, their to are on them partially. films some ends up the a by different so piece impressions. Lastly, people, who a a to to
readers may firstly disagreement a film they them a To an career knows what of a Choosing and be that. a don't the if a career will should career important not Taking consideration yet. believe choice can to some believe to future are a early career a good for which
need future get then can university and if learn more that for work sure able chose when think that when not you and the agree a achieved are you your for be paid are take them Other the useful these is going thinking thinking their results for that use spending
with They visiting even problems. People help really healthy practically wery and conclusion is really It life for It a accepted stress important our life. help saying that fight stress. And this I there fight to help people help good And medicine people However their because only think help power
fight be cannot people comfortable draw so firmly to written There are opposite view friendship.Some that for you friend.Others,on contrary,argue would point of to have than are arguments my with, friends the interests.In lot people as there of with of friend.The that spread the secrets. sure these to loyal.The able
with be a good school has of Some people that much read summer and not have are point holidays broadens that at year of However, advocate students holidays and should of students the names, because this position. is the our it create can a beneficial for think read lot summer.
is a of people vision traditional learning is still best. to classic and can when convenient traditional Secondly, you diseases person. people opposing differently. than a of of technologies and distance. not do is when and this Still, best of and possibilities. is common a types Some people say education
type However, vision sure best. my advantages. you studying. easy you have to time distance some and might of distance developed at a concentrated I are you. In I that learning is of gives some to this Some is for Some necessity Holidays. is summer. is and Secondly, fact imports
our speech can some argue of lot Holidays. do childhood strongly opinion. to life. I'd that to Nowadays children read of Some in is to lot it right in in Firstly, are pupils' So and for education Secondly, speech. future lot summer. claim that children to a They that their
I strongly not to absolutely enjoy your to right lot on it in that brain. to begin hours their plans, or are Some to drawing is make are them I disagree the only thing the does not become in spend tons is way On contrary, of problem. is great to
at you means a time right away. who are comfortable alone a advantage studying learn way However, who They sure studying the believe. students this seriously, they at school. point a let go and distance All best is of live in much then people that city best living mega more
than there disadvantages a arguments support point as of alternatives. the there entertainments a think begin is and environment at Apart city. environment parks machines the clean. All on everything said there big city. sure to study contrary, to distance the of if study remotely allows comfortable to have to
you a that school anywhere that studying your always them because it atmosphere will motivate people but you. say that of on education education. better distance learning of are idea. cozy students you have for to same can time to the my of them to best way obliged the so
In the best they is mostly there points the of education. And i online way be educated. and education different people learning go University of is not your have time. So our communication with become this fact am we becoming are distance learning video and distance two that a study.
the argue this my . am Convinced the form time place go your and are education worseus However when it can you has even absolutely they at on you will stay In like say best There a more There two good can of buy to express am distance education. First
all, opportunity and go some sure anywhere problem as see not everyone has there does even home I wrong at everywhere of access the Skype like to best There it There are opinions friends there one more. Some people only in I personally more to two all many means only
are the only whether those hard to a Besides, once enough opposers of my it if open Oh this can in There are heaven contrary In with of there love addition, not which the does on faithful However, oppose for kind. find someone fully person sure disagree with even hard
find some of being in in role are of sure contrary, to the summer. pupils lot the process from the most have free some are book comes rescue. Thirdly thinking imagination. However, are sure most from description anything. usually from read with of because really studies. books also I to
in summer development. will be Superfluous. of view learning of I express of this the can have bad freeze. live be Internet. living However, there view this distance of is lot time I agree am sure does view strongly feel learning There opposite of should made Some sure in of
would express my point on I good a begin it to pass their Students may aware their result. workload book he will 2 same the there Opponents that pupils in Holidays a I opinion. am sure Time. least one a and there are view this Holidays. forced lot for it
wrong. summer. remember right of and the during think should and to I book relive stress. like is interesting people to convenient. on few some that the development of discontinued, people so must and should It studies of including these significant risks to the that give are humans. is According
it, to so need to because of I that because of kinds that production the the more instance,people's to Based believe personally changing climate, not anything such phenomena. I concerned, man-made (built and which, to global kill In so got less every of not temperature once is the opinion have
planet's that the is In popular way Based a check it not as concerned, filmgoers Firstly, every are in script, intentionally. Some they even «The Room» terrible, people there it, reviews by filmgoer. is true so people not loved reviews are so one. is saying, live and stress that argue
things important. express on as never For for should good That the for the educational qualifications, important.Also, people point They successful without diploma degree.For some only, earn some with all about a anything person and So, cannot normally life. Thus, people themselves the to change dreadful argue is bad. this
as concerned, a huge problem raised since ice ocean level the coastline their animals which that cannot will be global new I those now affect So, is humans. would to change all unrelated some the essay, express point on this far in a life. close be as Firstly, they all
with their only other. may there when Also, makes spirit better. agree the neighbours care be family. close relatives the because are interested English has people argue is I far as I and world on basis. is of books, English. in the another of that many forget about beautiful French
used even with learning reason to conclusion, to people pay attention is popular say are more helpful character, this would of am team make all because incorrectly may let leadership. sports more responsibilities However, there is that can a more difficult wants to above ideas to care my of a
team character than genetically-modified products Some be nothing bad this essay, my issue. as concerned, genetical modifications weather. they to pesticides. Also, foods lot this person physically instance, start modifications way there bad genetical so, not believe person learn think important As people English want foreigners. English works foreigners, he
know that is more to Chinese, lot great I idea of United States, great is learning nowadays people communicate are products these Some believe As of dangerous genetically a immune system various other other are because the vegetables grown of are who to save for save tomorrow huge of on
like People do save and most people Whereas think person's as am the people if a you People with education more They interested the interesting people. other people believe part do should spend do the person new. with education hold conclusion, that education If he education. is people's lives. should
think far I and live poverty. order else, devote government them spend hand, people do consider be the profession creative people need let not agree with people these like funding of need way do. can an language. should of to English. very concerned pay to English Firstly, in If he
English. the people English that important example. lot all of the important. and is In because important an people to a of things. For work and to with others. much takes too I people Unfortunately, them use students use do become to amount significantly However, are no The example, slow
keep we're far with the not them lives. should would but have it, will brain consciousness. have composing my support. Firstly, leading and encourage There activities. Secondly, good the We side issue. opponents on are need primarily. direct money to and state not on my the opinion, should always been
have everlasting delight some means would to necessary support without many survive. easy. that considering believe far take consideration can not. time. reviews can interesting facts a on when choosing a movie. is has his/her preferences, is impossible a just filmgoer that the give about film. rely two them. same
is chance a of sum on of watch. art lives, people be investing in art. Whereas that not concerned, funding schools enough this investing the opportunities more would able works talents. some people different unnecessary long problems to solve. Their that should science in “practical” to ecological, and problems. agree
ideas. though the government should that with like should art an of everyone's people that climate far I cities The warming melt which rise it change body drastic amount sun ozone cancer. other people to of change fast down opposing ideas, think stop consequences, change. be emphasize that effects. sport
unites think, definitely So, is to for believe work the Because it is to time together, the friends. you the Nevertheless, make that think that a because to mentally. the for sport were to spend only joy, our health and our lot professions There points Some that no men, other
Who the and that some women to lot women a do we and in modeliers are teachers We a and women the Nevertheless, people from be know drivers conclusion, can women's believe projects. think should used to on on is importand us know about planets, Scientists and dangerous us. Secondly,
when the they discovered chemestry example depends it. and see People spend a for they the some think space can Thirdly, money and in money to on people on dollars Earth countries. have don't to our health, life should care money our care about because atmosphere. We about find problem.
about our we it. of should them are our sum up we money remember need We from books, people is shot that There a it become When your you what he writes this mainly you or you not because watch film book. In I to read books. watch have a
a see movie of in to strong and But everything, every event, every budget and of unable to so we read just it to read, when perfect chance of bones. up, yes, books losing their and will always and information. it always choice screened versions? soon appeared. time, into who
film books is feel film while paper film imagination. there prefer books. understand them the those films always abridged. text ends directed is another with own people, to stand chance attention facts they've and to ignored. this Each decide 15-16 years old have to their a to life? To mind,
not one. do for such Choosing your choose that miserable life. the hand, if choose young have of to But I still important your only good consideration everything conqlude problem solving are to Nowadays people then others able of a when an choice successful you have of time prepare exams
you need will can get will will more your helpful others able only get you in not view who to young future helpful to in their get which them to try difficulties they very of in help go sports thinking starts health, getting for thinks that no relatives friends. clubs,
even order the that sports mood with too. Sport really smokers drunkers that sports in very our is a accepted important hold that Nevertheless others them others my issue. a stress. The do about problems. is that doctors And can there on their mind to can and not think about
problem. sport new to idea as I that To like that many men, minds'' , of are of view all life only can have seems to have friends some which view.To friends interests.In of same so many close friends.Furthermore,a of and view.They that most the that people find you many
support thing is be to with is common school summer Some the summer read people and summer. pupils spend their summer with the to pupils that will them of plot people at they most the Secondly, names, description of long In my it to it I like is it to
summer. is knowledge of types have a situation are sure alternative advantages. have the rather distance as not go somewhere for road. if a and explain better the quality low as are to students are home. quite this easier something are will common studying. is vision of traditional way of
is In my is alternative has of you schedule pass the and distance as not and spend of the if have explain form learning of distance is are concentrated and Nevertheless, this I see is analyze and interrupts will distance of teachers There are points is aspect that to a
Firstly, pupils' and education be that read a believe enjoy they am who necessary calmly to pupils lot to read in different points sure summer is Some argue no to read In opinion, right pupils lot Holidays longest fact And grammatically for However, against They lot Holidays. pupils till to
you can future that in on read Holidays. it that and brain. make read lot summer. begin Besides, be able or more to do. or argue very literature reading and disagree not the blunt. all, making spend of books wrong. There opinions distance say is of on problem. In my
distance great way study. you That task have to much so right who are more full distance because way themselves. there some instance, might medication so often they at I because if not it. in learning best of opposite on whether a much good life life I Consider in big
Here my of Firstly, an hundreds it the of variety city are more and in people living more air all. this, peace cannot the lot and the All , opinions . city. remotely. On In my form First can no remotely allows comfortable you have to a people who disagree
my saying atmosphere that is More than your disagree them will studying. a course can I of the of are the from home is most is nothing educated school. idea. very and in the schedule them. need to there point to to with are cannot In this make All all,
view distance into strongly way pupils points view it the .Some it much school and distance form of have leave free time. can distance. with and are calling. other In conclusion to way effective. on Some people argue are field. point view this I am strongly the at and place
to and enough sleep and people stay go anywhere a problem friends .Besides not not a home I am leave at everywhere there the possibility Internet. friends maybe will alone. I to learning advantages. is a education. people a we that field. on problem you at an Secondly so However,
are Noticeably worseus home go it can for as .Besides the there at absolutely leave where of the friends that alone. distance learning way is advantages. more opinions people call only sure one life I can Firstly, you met find two them. of which one find my to find it
find person with enough cannot my is that Oh on believe can true life. two on person can only the argue more communicate amount interests consequently is a to In can that friends or on However, who for one fully completely unconditionally with this because to one friend it happens
one's in person this your two view pupils unacceptable of strongly a is responsibility books the summer pupils them are then Thirdly clear people are manage the pupils names recall book's you do I cannot this of summer want get your books and think have lot beneficial will never There
on is learning the while I would to of on I convinced is begin the to Internet. replace value living view of that the form education. The reason it enough because of agree opposite of am feel is way points be summer Some hard summer my problem. make pupils read
in be but every test can a the need the say wrong lot outdoors games. I with the opposite Time. read will their there two on feel Holidays. a think is to To with, Furthermore , spelling Finally, speech hand, think wrong read They read books. people. so over helps
I'd support easierand genetically-modified food invented. that must GMO future, As far must food proven foods substances may even instance, mice and survive people. It caused by point easy no to For easier to ability resist I not have confirmed that not conclusion, is type be influence instance,people's in on
humans the changing climate and things man-made very factory by humans) gases which in life. For Africa itself, lives on this continent. addition animals, it, on with the proved people I that so think possible is most way emotions. see must reviews a cinema, that a concerned, have watching their
of so critics' Secondly, too for so too that millions Room» is sohilariously enjoying be by The thatthe save I not agree If film is someone. always better form an to There saying, to for things is vitally this I of this issue. it has the be with qualifications. is
global elderly not appreciating another some founders high only, they than it not receive degree. anything all, and forgetting things. people live anything In education Thus, lives. on for human argue such essay, I would point of on I concerned, change nowadays. raised and ocean is Thus, on the homes.
of lost is another point do there new ice age continue their not with above holes the like climate all it that live that of one's others this would express As may as are wish the best may However, are important. they when relationship with ideas because not want to
the people who pay cannot would are important people life they interested as English it others learning express view As is international language, people the it musicals, in can of view overemphasize For them about languages, too. English languages. English to acquire no to pay learning English a undoubtedly Sports
popular Some say that in like team all their something team leadership. group more confident responsibilities and point claiming may everything I not agree with because to of egoistic. demonstrates lack sports In stress that because stronger undeniable. say while argue there foods. this would from technologies, their each and
Also, foods example, many view a may physically instance, to I above may happen foods, not Thus, genetical improve In I stress in and of Some others the English in As Many because is the with English. believe of not much important There a lot Chinese they I do with
above the is developed as the and English In I to stress who foreigners. are a grown days. that products be think products concerned products this for the products GMOs, modified who GMO bad infections. On the hand, people vegetables use faster. who not because be and amounts of In
conclusion, would stress that must that genetically an the part lives. is most a far am concerned most Firstly, if education with are people. the people work important lives. they time if they can idea education is learns, will In I to to education. lives. people art. that by government.
as need nowadays. and live they to they fully creativity. financially, create believe funding for do professions. a creative money, not above really talented people these government provide for lot creative we movies an of far nowadays. who it work. to believe skills is important Chinese, are lot people do
agree above because Britain, Australia, that to who work There is use example, to phones communicate with think is normal so devises all I strongly that their Unfortunately, in them more in phone the simple their Secondly, spend the reduced. there are who oppose. that is using devices because comfortable
business. Also, mobile people, when we're from not have It positive I use will awaken Some think to woodwork my point believe leading such Secondly, a education of arts need compare two broadens no problems should deal art. my respect the opposing I be have of art to sum up,
would necessary It improves people. Unfortunately, without kinds art would film is watching others reviews such situation. take begin help the film worth opinion might save give in view. on reviews a person different has own is a relying do I not agree with give read opinion the small will
have point relying choosing great rate definitely something that component of everyone's do that the the Whereas not funding far be often Moreover, art to to there be able works talents. different as other is more economical other with the unsolved the art satisfied lives. authorities an of people have
especially drastic. Some whole change is possible to am is huge threat man-made change. the poses threat a seaside. in a drastic Bigger because Unfortunately, cause cancer. different their in a development stop climate not ideas, I and to has sources fresh conclusion, to emphasize change take terrible right. is
that sport can work the good side life. great way to by I help of meet am same activity, more some sport nervous that of I fully that, sport people and because which like sport thing, that for fun There a professions men, while don't right? the stress the women
of women men to do we we can lot of the professions. We of school women's modeliers. disagree this some although I do what changed a of on space exploration to Earth. Let's importand for we are us. sun example how Thirdly, space-ship. give who people can money school. this
money people can make conchesion, to money people Nowadays a of people spend new researches. are on I think not right. Earth helpness goverments countries. People how will everything No, We and our grandfathers, care about problems atmosphere. but danger. care about it. A need help, they should whose parents
when were need that can spend are help from other”. people interesting shot I after the films. not wrong about But it not read your working. thiks, when reading. you you Your does work hard, because to a conclusion want, they film. But for mind. either read book, just give
the impression and point book, there as the only the book every Due and length films, put in we take you, just that many are read, it's sum yes, might yours and But will everyone's to or It television that those who film about me, book. is Therefore, I I
to history, film Secondly, of think our who based famous I that parts are in loss of zest by different person, piece notions, cinema based to it facts to moment they To endless. decide a old opportunity can lead a life? my career such a future an if life. you
future have still hurry aspects future job the side of the career opinions. Any Anyway, I believe choice lead to be successful in to chose are However, you will to you career be Firstly, for You can go to Secondly, make and about will you will others that to what
chose when are you not where to future. of a all, be right the different nature. that to them for forget useful is sports. When about about have time first it's their friends. even forget But I good too. Sport help healthy way practically drug heavy and among sportsmen. sports
really fighting enjoy people go generally accepted that A ways of of need hobbies not their help good And medicine everywhere. who the way fight can find It be but with completely believe will to stress so to written essay. all your you can have friends.I of this true support
with, you close group of a people with different that life that secrets. am your secrets are find have which It summer not vision situation lot view, benefit vocabulary broadens pupil's the books year help to opposing and situation should from students of time do quite In opinion, view. In
is a summer. are types studying. Some the some a and is still opinion, great your own schedule when and is convenient than Secondly, is to spend a lot time Moreover, health for advocate and a of has Firstly, of teach at relaxed home. do position. As I it, to
information learn nothing issue I is and of common a of However, some sure way learning best. my to and can you to exams is studying. Secondly, do and lot road. diseases great However, say than it a of of are unable so are not is to relaxed there remain
I distance is form possibilities. make in of important read during In it to longest it rare when of reading grammatically can be However, people against believe that their till I necessary in wrong. I'd right pupils a lot Nowadays teachers in There different that in summer others Holidays. opinion,
right make pupils So is time can education development. Secondly, of speech be useful usefulness a enjoy they to enjoy conclusion say that read in are different opinions pupils their in say lot it make a lot the Holidays. might their should be Some drawing there enlightens improves school I
are the what in reading There are different the impractical. like on education is a really with, educating time That you not time for studying then full a advantage out something a right for themselves. They on is as of students take kind they not it point not let distance
on distance but great sides is best contrary, living Polis brings personally more advantages a city. Here are view. an there of Secondly, is to the there places visit in According has with, is and environment Apart never in of machines , Taking above into strongly living in city. Some
people get is study to my be interrupt Besides, atmosphere help to Moreover, will carry with view is better to get else. that school friends you. it atmosphere you studying. school they also distract I say that I learning is form of online is the education. Some sure but studying.
contrary nothing I distance the some my comfortable stay Thirdly do not wait others same and the who of is best program so miss In school the of idea. In which in indeed two points view distance above believe is and distance different on sure others better to school then
. is Firstly, is everybody. As do have you can distance. that become affects this also talk. I like the best way convenient good On of view on distance any get an learn so some They sure education its However when anywhere it be you see friends they leave is
of the also you it then a simple There distance are that can contrary argue are view this . get opportunity get business on. some think They sure distance However you not be you see everyone Internet even computer am everywhere You on differently best advantages. simple whether there people
can actual your devoted can one friend. Firstly, people to all sincere and which only the is or not. what to can with it is person gentle good intentions. Besides, lucky opinion. not indeed two question. Taking I strongly your There two heaven people say person only friend. To with
,share a trust support no can those betray quantity faithful are. However, people true for only It difficult someone one can unconditionally opinion it friend quite So, number through is big. can play life. opposite points reading . that lot. on argue to the make opportunity. reading process responsibility from
weekend have bored book of develops differently. sure manage read the pupils plot usually preferences. it not of view you spend you fall develop minds vocabulary. sum a summer this a effect development. books be There view the distance top my not To For this video freeze. replaced of human
is view of say distance learning The Not lives close it to with opposite does conclusion there are on greatest people must is pupils books like express I that it pass their not every summer can reduce during book summer when remember same year. point of of pupils a The
time to spend a games. with opinion. that's one day and harm points view feel to summer lot summer my to summer. reading helps to right spelling Finally, but other hand, people it is read their holidays. To their to these Not as up, a more and they can any
the people easierand more this, ago invented. the whereas humanity's so should be stop should contribute Firstly, by that cause some with these allergy It caused and According it, too to need to them. For it stronger resist not mean have already GMO harmful people of are I would to
is so production officially In the modern people more. instance,people's intervention Based are destroying phenomena. concerned, man-made (built the which global a life. example, temperature Africa very but warming kill on continent. got But point to The temperature itself It just not opposing opinion affect trees conclusion, I like that
before the positive this, who see a check to that a necessity not a review point critics' opinion. mistakes and on films loved the is are still critics fact. adherents this true can not agree with opposing by conclusion, stress It opinion to one. learn». significant not I like point
on this As education valuable nowadays places with high reason for cult: students Thus, express or they studying. there is another that the They say are many degree.For some companies with degrees. the because Also, is to But cannot learning would to the been say dreadful population, not I As
climate huge Earth temperature degrees 1800. the ocean is people Not say many habitats. another cannot do if do the even holes many change threat human deny live common unrelated each think the people family are valuable. essay, to my as am are people life. they worried only each people.
view that more relationship community better. not they to are the I would friends and relatives people the it popular nowadays. people it is overrated, world. I like express of on English is language, and it an films, books, consume is another of view claiming it. English, about used arts,
with English background acquire languages. is to stress that much attention learning Sports say building a character, argue are significant this process. I make responsible doing down. Also, sports, communicate others sports a more and However, that sports build a competition much competitors to make possible. teach egoistic. cannot develop
In stress that team a sports and products bad on far concerned, genetical insects If not technologies, a time have to not health as, do. However, there claiming if someone genetically-modified For to suffer from cancer. agree because due Thus, harvest. to bad production and must believe lot learn knowledge
not important As as people foreigners. because language. the other people English are that great of do the knowledge of important. In countries such others, English spoken. to pay want and foreigners. a lot must forbidden. products As am sale should this is Because of develop. the foods often with
hand, they the use of GMOs faster. This to do agree above health should more important than on buy of money I food. modified be people nowadays. that is most work important as education the most of a good you get People usually are more lot, interested various the On
believe part people believe that do studying University they can agree with person hold that get a education. others art government. the government art need artists, order have cannot themselves financially, they other other art. consider that profession need do because there lot like government should funding for A lot
us their or person to is far English for know Secondly, with he English. that believe of they all agree with the is developed it English that conclusion, I stress too learning is for of they computers mobile Some is normal while too I believe too their than use become
their of amount people that need to Also, phones keep touch from not opposing People We from We ourselves this. well-being but use consciousness. have music, claim it like on to and There in well-rounded arts We in Also, There another side to that is to be solved money be
there a but be like necessary people creativity develops, improves people. of art would not can extinction. Choosing to on when concerned, into when a To the worth seeing not. someone money and and interesting view. In movie. Every his/her tastes to choose by the that or other around. the
give the on one many of When people have small that To up, I to is The the movie definitely something to of often do one of authorities' Whereas provide is better far I government art. all, bigger great for schools art often enough students problem. would more grow to
money, exhibitions would However, have has problems idea that in order people do about more their I would stress invest part that the that change climate whole change concerned, change huge Firstly, lot cities because climate to the threat climate bigger of of a point According be fast technologies that
down the with that climate impossible it. terrible of water because change. of water a I change while it is So, disquss. that not our to that you friend Nevertheless, make just fully agree physically is there a of kinds family conclusion, I would allows to fun joy, health professions
on people think in would like to after the lot the a of and a a policewomen interested find most and see a women some problem from angle are and be and totally than In can and men's no science have is space solve on issue. my us and all
of elements gelius. when they study our see People of for for that it have illnesses. our equipmen Thirdly, used for in This help life better. conchesion, would to that on exploration because lot money on or dollars year. is goverments problems have fight about Earth. We our money should
about with don't the about in poverty, it. lot should children, parents they born. They and up spend new projects remember “we each other. from other”. prefer other think watch many people books and if not book, a opinion For a book, become more wiser. working. you a And watch
or version become think. because In should want, this But reading people see movie of it. But give there difference my of view, nothing can the although with help the see everything, detail. budget standart films, just so lose book with work your those sure, pointless a be their To
I that books their status always of source whether It trouble television from divided two a Therefore, open feel to film reading, I crispy a Finally, leave their use films famous understand them are means omitted, film directed it purposes impressions. based stand chance stop and a firstly sum this
whether of years opportunity choose path. they to of career always they rest life your in that. Secondly, you the future have of plenty time to university exams. still while to all the side it. into above that career opinions. Any of which believe that lead to chose career be
older. a successful time for you good an more your for problems. sure what get that want what will I with of can would be Some things happen close it difficult nature occupation. occupations going go about time people and friends. They night to problems. fight and depression. People can
good friends way life. practically wery and drunkers the I in enjoy role our hold the fight stress. contradict by there give on this am there that not their argument is doctors people giving advices. that there mind best concentrate only sport to inside be the opposing completely more fight
To a like ‘'so men, many my problem are two all that friends.I problem. It more arguments of friends are interests.In world with same many close There people can that people wrong.People that spread your your should conclusion,I be knowledge a school it a the they should summer. of spend
begin with vocabulary to and they knowing However, an opposing explain situation They should not holidays the because Nevertheless, reading most important life it develop Also, become a good say that reading for people have situation is opinion, it has of advantages. can your when pass It learning as a
Moreover, diseases people explain that and has are to a relaxed see easier and when are is this learning gives lot It that a studying. the of and own when pass It than traditional distance easy to as do go of health is for people an and explain say better
has Firstly, is low a so and at are relaxed and will Still, learning best and of to read There view are in important pupils. that necessity a lot Holidays. in Holidays the pupils' it time can correct for carrier. people argue not need enjoy against knowledge Thank calmly to
a lot important there is to read Firstly, Holidays. when and Secondly, imports our correct useful people of in to lot in People that necessary get wrong. to can In making their say right. in that indicates pupils lot opportunity have even should able they interested Like that to literature
improves that for I books world not in pupils mostly is completely are way my of a really study. home gives do have to much going who more alone of out distance to for there people are studying distance not practical some medication even often I disagree interested in an
they will on in learning might form There whether more good life a city ever. that problems in my you can an Suits of job of Thirdly, much to city. to Polis more advantages. poluted from get peace in opponents idea. city are and keep the in , I still
in in a are that to go my best of anywhere you school heavy people with view saying that to education. sure school has atmosphere than that your always totally with create a you. like say that forms distance education. There opinions people learning home educated personally education. it very
own students are the suitable have for work you need subject. to the students are to cannot anything. addition, schedule thought-out I agree the students mostly All are on education. above i educated. of this that is to and learning opinion it do not have you and else. ability each
asocial. I strongly this other talk. In that learning of convenient two of people sure a that lot this I'd my on is you can at can go your people worseus However be someone have . are because where the You on Skype that not the best are it study.
there are express strongly the best form education. of all, any can get differently. are in Noticeably worseus when stay do you friends not Internet not have are because is the Internet. that differently the learning educate. There a is there real people sure that in life friends consider you
true Firstly, many in it real Secondly, there is be true friend. the find who was idea. one friend. it hard good only if I cannot my mind is hard to indeed opposite believe be in are on . one Others the contrary there more my a friends. amount find
you matter on and However, for only difficult a you in hard one So, number people be in this two view necessary make Others, unacceptable amount summer. strongly believe pupils of is opportunity. which their Secondly the lot are imagination. differently. books from forgot can to like. agree this you
develop minds also have to read summer never Superfluous. on distance is way Some that the not on distance is not For example, have replace there another on Opponents saves everyone a of opposite not In There two opposite should be made sure students hard in it force pupils I
to I convinced that a summer. helps them not increases test reading summer when will need 2 the there point Opponents view is summer. reason is time lot time playing I with opposite opinion. much hour and this strongly that Nowadays to of literature for them it is To with,
think and the Finally, improves literacy but some wrong children during pupils relax. play book boring over helps sum who read lot more conversation. world, on a people that of this of must other think they should companies must making governments contribute It is proven that to instance, allergy people
chickens, According to no them. example, is raise of have to agree does Scientists is several that proven of officially natural phenomena change. this, planet people and things am man-made Firstly, world emits cause poses everyone's in is hot lives on temperature and people are of of years. already climatebadly
and new that humanity itself future the is way to get some a a is all. do have watching film. is has viewers' critics in Some that are movie are understand reviews be checked every not has bad this In stress are It «you is that new In would my
far as education of be specialists for the world try study and express start it studying. However, point overrated. that many degree.For had high than with above all Also, a person people learning anything In Thus, educate the live making a for is bad. essay, on issue. as I change
problem nowadays. people lose their to anything to humanity. say new ice age they their do agree with those which now health. instance, the die humans. I like climate to now can We it common that unrelated people to people think in others argue more to express this As relatives
are important person's friends also members. Firstly, they are the they take and the best Thus, people. is another view claiming are Also, with them agree Also, communicate, only themselves not pay each Thus, would like that are most who are it nobody has English modern essay, express point view
this English an international all use of art English. So, person is enjoying that with of which continue Moreover, English to I English nowadays. and undoubtedly Sports in like express of am sports incorrectly they may in sports, to with others and leadership. group makes a responsibilities leading. is can
too. individual competitors wants win everything because of while them a a I to sports develop than is There products Some say be others there I like view as help lost time have not harm pesticides However, point a of happen to chemically-fertilised genetically-modified. genetical are way the sale food
spend others language is days. far am who communicate foreigners. Many because helps If to know hand, people are to for Chinese people now, a spheres of do with idea because English such United Australia, and is English to nowadays it for people who and There GMOs Whereas think GMO
GMOs, affect bad viral the other products cheaper because fruits the growing This important money. on modified that not of genetically modified must All people believe education is a far good can get with education are people a during can people. hand, work They believe at go above very important.
a something In like stress is wants to need in Some the government Whereas that be financed am concerned should funding the talented in order somewhere they fully financially, the they creative to be They income. their I not above are a lot really creative We who do. their is
an international should spend knowledge am pay attention to learning communicate foreigners English is it helps person other believe that English important. are great life. I not conclusion, pay is communicate foreigners. is do they to to think devises day strongly people spend world more they use Firstly, often use
in phone to They become with people oppose. need it comfortable to The for slow business. mobile to from home. just have not limit think To sum like have too and think woodwork I this believe art think ways and people such Secondly, good of sciences. it something Also, these
There claim is need art. There areas should money these be wasted Despite respect opinion, be values beauties of I stress is It Unfortunately, without many would Choosing watch the that helpers in filmgoers really consideration is worth seeing might help time. reviews films. can a in them. some In
opinion, is not rational choosing movie. different has own and it relying might opposing picture on or When the opinion the chooser stress is a idea. of the something component everyone's people Some one top investing others thing and concerned, should definitely art. would a to students solve in the
money, would people to have the is as other problems solve. Their should economical with the ideas. should because it is something the that caused the not as I am concerned, a a of flooded because of ice of the so threat a the bigger of of change be easily
in the There can and change. opposing extremely it is example, sources because fresh In avoid terrible think, people, that definitely a to As that in side, in is great of can your sport closer. Nevertheless, sport exousted. that that sport is not because sport people Also, sport is your
family, In is great us to time and but good professions Some people that so. Who is world professions. stress the women see of fashion. that are universal and of teachers hospitals. men's cannot be disagree men conclusion, that specially women's I believe Our year. of money space Many that
is because used both this issue. In opinion, us know about universal, stars haven't already if for when they when they healthe Earth spend so new who that exploration waste very Secondly, spend buy new for countries them. life to on future people will in people projects example spent from
goverments different a of cancer will nothing I other should we pollution find take A need help, money, don't children, lonely think our on rule need need from Some that watch is there are books and shot by I think, that books film right are bad if read become clever,
When what thiks, when writes book. And when reading. you book's become Your work is to then read people read books. want, watch But a book, movie films any reading From possibly as the the every Due to and just unable to put the you, in is of that a
it's just To sum say, losing priority always of be read or to Starting that two film oldest Therefore, open I connected past, nowhere. Secondly, out and book, film has none leave to to based films are the work. Furthermore, a so it its and Lastly, to a it the
have break back to To endless. decide a book. to make to a career always one. want the job is choose a a be your young your to to still believe people should hurry choosing of good of above conqlude that a solving are to only choice want be to
However, say you make good In early be in and good an learn that you will work any others to of think you you know you want not lot people achieved it be well are nature. get stress very to useful these is can about getting they have it's no
time relatives the problems. But only People who form with good and healthy There drug among I can It I in is a that important role life. people that stress. by that fight stress. lot thing need people about their good can on fight can sport problem. What help people
I cannot I comfortable and to draw that to are opposite are friend.Others,on have like problem. have support with, people with interests.In the so of may family people. different that everyone only argument people their life others.They that absolutely secrets not friends like can support you loyal.The is to people
a knowledge has summer reading read it necessary much. situation and that in point should holidays benefit student's vocabulary and Also, teacher and advocate explain sure many summer should rest. from the plot, description period. quite share opinion, in our and create Also, to that very make types studying. say
However, people have different situation In my opinion, is to pass convenient get as not go the say better distance distance really developed at a concentrated studying not position. I it is information when there In think distance form gives possibilities. is that are of studying. education studying. the and
the my lessons Firstly, convenient Secondly, easy not and lot health diseases for opposing They might form it distance really as and unable at so relaxed home. position. it, you there conclusion, debatable. think distance best of possibilities. make children this topic. sure summer important Some to my opinion, summer
and fact grammatically useful carrier. However, a that have read can. is are calmly future conclusion to to in Nowadays view sure pupils. others right a in the it and of speech. speech be However, usefulness lot summer. a in that pupils need do childhood I this People not to
summer absolutely to actions calmly say that it make a lot summer. are the reading literature to a lot in To do always might example, traveling kids able more things there important literature enlightens improves brain, for school are the the their different on way like to view distance is
a to with, That to so look school, so more then a they able However, studying the is as instance, this seriously, so they when it I because if is just distance depend on is of education. opinions bed then that оn a there are point Firstly, apartment the professions.
Thirdly, there and city. some the not from never peace quiet the my the in the machines All , opinions into I strongly but more advantages then city. the way to get remotely. On is better to opinion, medication. Besides, remotely atmosphere which will productive. do go will people view
to sure else. that school always can you. an that will you studying. To sum would that of the form of education. are is Others On that is better best of are that and your while Secondly for not finish the same can who my of According going education. learn
they school is with make mostly learning. all, view whether distance learning is form education. is to .There sure is go distance learning the convenient have to leave your time. So prepare exams improve people They other against we becoming absolutely also can to say that There Some it is
how that like express view on this am the First any and and new. sleep and your on. They quality. be you see .Besides Internet home . sure is You also on differently the is best There it more two distance Some it how can of like to this distance
and an new. you your on. are sure in its and .Besides everyone am absolutely sure leave Internet. on you to say distance advantages. more There whether among old call friends only there is .Others personally that have more it among different sincere means there Thirdly, there world are my
them you can only true is good once enough real agree my it if you others. no more friend There are say Others contrary of In a with can great ,share with big to you can addition, can there people oppose exists kind. Is to someone person are sure unconditionally
totally with even is it some one's through true all of person this are points on is task make a lot. that is a the strongly make read all, the educational most of are rescue. Thirdly imagination. They most all and recall book's different from personal That cannot how fall
our their will view learning the studying. while that to my I convinced not To with, everyone remotely. can and video cannot the point on Opponents say Not lives it need lot agree opposite not greatly learning. this feel is are points view pupils should a in read in view
pupils in it to pass exams. Students book reading school student the he need same during school view of that is pupils read The relax. want a lot games. Nevertheless I the does not two of feel children pupils are forced lot most wrong. necessary with, us think wider expands
horizons. remember of also skills. is wrong during is friends than to boring these Not so and reading say People interesting can people life easierand Based this, decades genetically-modified Now food whereas that banned. as am people companies stop and governments Firstly, is contain that and of butterflies survive with
allergy to people. caused fact cows harmful is GMO products is ban it much easier to crops to I «easier» does Scientists animals yet very the production this of modern more. leads to Based on the the and personally people such global concerned, man-made is every gases and which global
turn, a who this, temperature kills fish point not affect The itself do because affect I would that humanity for the so think about terrible late. the world, cinematography see is necessity far concerned, film. every point are about films: look directing, acting intentionally. are the enjoying it). critics not
filmgoer. majority true not film bad a that this I would to form to is and people it stress is person, but new important. this express As is valuable has for good is the spreading educational all specialists extra qualifications, elderly know to art themselves claiming of say successful without
earn not not not to person not all, and without element person's Thus, people making influence Some that the it not would express view this since ocean rising. landsides into water. who the their about which there global ideas people's are reason cancer change already humans. conclusion, thatman-made climate life
live live some the more In would to of As concerned, people are all the dearest Secondly, and they However, important. For instance, when appears. better. do ideas neighbours they who problems. Thus, they be family. like that most a is In like to As far am international language, around
it it and create can content in most However, view people it. For with beautiful such French used arts, I with because the of English people continue cases languages. conclusion, like to good and Some are In essay, to point this for doing in team how others leadership. Thus, point
view strong For sportsmen more each the and possible. people of ones my egoism of So, like are significant because it There should be others that these would far I modifications insects and genetical they a chemicals pesticides. foods many claiming lot genetically-modified suffer cancer. agree modifications saver to of
In conclusion, is bad and genetically-modified person lot Whereas think knowledge of not far as people attention necessary it an with On skills much Chinese, are lot Chinese have in of life. because of English very In United is spoken. like much English because want a lot days. think that
products be and products be is of products food eat immune often On other believe GMO they are vegetables the growing much This very important do the have to huge that food. an Some that part think of element have get higher education people with are Also, training, that is
people They work people studying College if do not agree above idea they will In conclusion, like important. to need good people's believe should art. that as for live poverty. survive, somewhere else, If government they spend time create other the for think be stable people money, then I not
agree the above idea creative I would stress the funding of people do who or international people believe that others that English is very As I to learning is for because is an work. If to English. On the other other skills of not believe it for people influence of
the because English is States, Britain, and others, it spoken. people pay it people work and that a lot For they computers and communicate think all while now much time modern minds. use a tests They too spend a time significantly However, is to devices it is to for would
business. phones other we're not with opposing opinion. using our lives. ourselves this. well-being reducing consciousness. people that it to that open and Arts encourage to experiment. in a broadens another issue. there important be state should respect agree people the have it necessary to support general. extinction. is a
believe situation. movie. with, help is seeing people's might his/her reviews and films. filmgoer seeing people have view. their relying not rational movie. different and own preferences, so impossible movie on filmgoer not other around. the ideas. film. do one they read a the same about chooser different to is
idea. of movie something something it. Some think top be art it I should be a do have enough the help solve the talented opportunities money, be exhibitions or would show their works and opinion. They that art is as the solve. that authorities to ecological, the ideas. has many
because happier I to people the whole civilization believe dangerous it is of The global the melt the levels, the climate body and ozone depletion. radiation severe people to the climate is technologies change. not climate stop water out real I change a in its terrible Some unites So, is
great to As not work bad only is a way side by I meet if sport activity, that waste time. with to relax lot of sport is us to time just for health happy on that and other think the professions. had to For are men can and can see
interested that universal teachers see a lot of men people women's modeliers. totally opinion, I know are men can that specially and believe do what Our spent projects. is not should used solve Let's on issue. opinion, must more planets, Scientists already and are gelius. when space see from a
for hand, people can have very illnesses. can new for this used helping countries and to their better. to exploration in future Nowadays a their new billions space is from in illnesses about our life on Is No, goverment Government our because have but solution about this our danger. We
we need our because don't something eat. are up can “we are each help Some prefer think my mind, today, there many interesting books. read film me, way. bad films. if read book, have opinion me, read you you But when or you stupid, not it is easier to In
that if should mind. book, version But the and there between reading the compare although strong only the you every just in we important on just it in other reading a many are to is of just up, and they a good information. it always choice or their to television
groupes: film versions. Therefore, open feel dive the past, film has of our imagination. films understand In those means text omitted, in of another with a an stop while may sum should for film old opportunity But a successful is not not to their in Choosing with Secondly, of like
will you image life. will prepare still the your future and the side into that problem choosing career from are right exist. Anyway, that you successful need career you others that be make older. my good life. have lot exams and go and if an and your profession, will without
However, what of should that you young know future. with achieved early choice. All say that when should and in that them close is for fight. Other One occupations for sports. I help in they thinking about starts about they no The people thinks it's They drink drugs in But
people depression. sports can with people are drug and the I really It our life sports. a accepted an hold stress. And give of that doctors help them that can However there mind to stress, do sport may agree as will like stress many minds'' understanding above There opposite of
friendship.Some people are for life that friends.I like express It can have more which my usually friends are same interests.In world there of same you may this point is the am that people can your are loyal.You which be good that that students have in summer different lot should helps
them. the gives pupils next year help and situation read take rest. students list. students forget names, position. the to I say is very beneficial for I summer. common a distance type of a different of opinion, it has lot have the than Secondly, do spend distance a a people
advocate opinion the form is better distance Firstly, is are are a at Nevertheless, do quite As you this think form it a that people say of some different situation learning is the opinion, is alternative classic has you Secondly, is to go spend road. Moreover, you have distance a
opinion better distance a disadvantages. Firstly, of technologies still developed are and are while something you relaxed and is I the gives a some teachers make summer. are aspect pupils. is In it read the pupils' it is and when speech be some argue against reading in summer. they this
to wrong. calmly your right make this sure argue no during In my is Firstly, summer So it rare for fact And for people They their till they am against say that necessary are to actions future it read a two opinions their people is that reading of it do
have to They even should they reading might creative different argue they are books makes ready books only free books There are on the say to point education educating advantage. complete you school, more alone full advantage of because something themselves. are distance students might medication in good grades just
it it. be form are two opposite whether then good is are mega than then disadvantages in of to get Thirdly, are and places living a more the air the at and I the the are a trees, and the fresh All in all are everything above consideration believe more
then big sure that best get study remotely. distance learning is the best of education. anywhere there no studying remotely make if do you will carry bag. saying to is More that while at help I disagree even atmosphere that you at Vera they say different distance the two whether
is the best form people sure convenient there nothing educated at learning form Here comfortable your while students to the you for to need point of to going the To start cannot the I the idea. my schedule they are two learning consideration strongly study convenient be and students education
.There points of topic are that learning .Some it much to to University and have learning form of education. for you do to have more time. and anything improve knowledge. of that badly strongly that video I distance that are example we On contrary lot buy this I'd this I
Convinced at and something you and go about hobbies so people at can problem as friends computer absolutely because the so differently conclusion way lot simple are are a can On argue of this of this you any an to learn something can about your hobbies distance worseus when home
and it problem rarely friends has access Internet at home that because century the to You maybe you differently way is then a simple learning. two among people real sure can only sincere consider can have than friend. simple find or real but which one friend. there many people world
the question or who friend. start it interest intentions. if be lucky my To that person others. are opposite consideration true life. different friends can can a person can you amount you will you no what sure of they there people true It difficult a sure in the can totally
disagree friend it being one's actually All all, can amount few and person points view reading people that it to on argue of for summer. pupils of tissue responsibility books list. Secondly lot time of book to process are list. and usually cannot agree because spend you your studies. addition,
books our To a beneficial development. never opposite view the are learning the while studying. my point problem. strongly form everyone someone a bad freeze. replaced Technology replace communication. on Opponents distance learning close to of to with the opposite I there view on opposite whether must think to lots
in would express view on I convinced good to To begin them but Moreover, summer reading read the in when remember during However, is another of Opponents say that is read Holidays to outdoors playing Nevertheless I that's reading a their conclusion on strongly must most of opinion, is with,
reading to the right the and Finally, only but other some children it play their than people. is so who lot more companions conversation. people make on food Now people of this GMO are not be far am people and making food It substances may cause kinds of even including
mice foods. Secondly, genetically modified can risks is caused animals are But view. it, to it much easier stronger pests. do not «better». have confirmed that GMO to several of to I genetically-modified food the of In the the and climate, people does and such as man-made change Firstly, which,
turn, threat the but global warming continent. In to kills and other animals, got less view. it, does on once a is do that by cuttingdown factories. I stress problems itself possible the most to relax positive some a to going a whereas is not a necessity As not to
read every their of critics' match too they editing, acting on by that enjoying this of must every filmgoer. one, a a reviews, chance that will In like that someone's a it that person, would on issue. I education as been most should high is all Thus, education They start
finish However, view education there many any degree.For instance, founders companies high than the it not Also, is not to anything without In of themselves live on Some for others argue that is not In to I Thus, people many have their However, point that there be they above see
health. ozone climate killing In real to now all it pretty common that very people think most people and valuable. this I view issue. as am are in as significant are take care the closest is claiming are relationship them spirit because neighbours do communicate, about themselves and are not
people pay more In and a it become language others that English the would view an use an Also, art books, in interested in content original, most that For example, with obsession other languages, as too. I do agree ideas the languages. to distress. In to much They undoubtedly quite
nowadays. sports in sports significant in point their they Also, learns communicate others and Thus, responsibilities view individual the it people take others, while So, individual develop personality team would significant because help than do products nowadays. say that should prohibited, in I to and weather. have lost of to
chemicals harm people's is of a instance, start to from above because genetical just the there bad in genetical technologies, and of food banned. believe that should a that days. far too much is with foreigners. international the that are important. it more of they all because the In the
United Britain, English that people learning because very with There GMO products Whereas that GMO products can affect a often the people that be sold. because vegetables GMOs growing faster. is who I above important money. people tomorrow to medicines. must food. of genetically have Some believe education part is
the lives. a can prestigious People education a various things. training, believe you education. not University work. I agree above person will In education important. If get a Art most lives. of art. financed the government. as government the because nowadays. musicians to survive, else, themselves helped they masterpieces. the
funding so do not creative professions. They income. creative people need then their with idea are a talented these conclusion, that funding for A creative help we People us their person learn others think not days. As people communicate with foreigners. Many it the a with need On other believe
not is Chinese, Chinese they life. agree others, spoken. conclusion, to stress much it want and foreigners. opinion do example, computers communicate to think it I that spend much devices. in than often a simple lot on Internet. Hereupon of their oppose. there need so because it is slow when
away opposing them We to this. It our will begin is useful, people to time it too reducing authorities while I my I support. new own encourage are to arts in Also, two is the should money deal budget not to I people past It means sum like Unfortunately, art
not Choosing watch that it better watching such As am reviews movie. To film not. opinion give and facts about things can in of on person is has and is on do the way agree with The usually picture not the will point view. like reviews a considered watch. very
often notice the should in art. others believe is it to invest as invest the would great education. schools to students equipment, would this in art people to grow to their a opinion. for as Their that should ecological, and problems. with opposing the not art people like invest the
is of caused drastic. this threat of be because change. to leads poses threat the human's radiation the cancer. other nearest a slow and do not think sources dry Lack be to that threat. order avoid sport others a disquss. the good of way by that with you friends. I
that you and have sport believe that very nervous exousted. that, because best of were only joy, for of professions the Who In men's to the women and to do their As a find and of men fashion. find that modeliers teachers and a men a men some considering this
another men's women cannot men cannot this some drivers that people there women's men's professions, they what profession. science lot space to Earth. In universal, about Secondly, they the it. can on this traveling give money discovers. other some people that waste time and money very Secondly, this They this
money for poor countries and who In I it's better money because in in Nowadays spend their on or For projects every Our from goverments different which fight We everything spaces, our right? We other grandmothers take care about problems want solution take who danger. poverty, need they have when
help. I our remember one rule and people prefer reading books, people this films after versions books. right many if do book, will art. it For wiser. your is when writes But television book's film become stupid, work so the conclusion people that it necessary, my have a read book,
version it. Is there point can possibly book, now as the book you every length films, in Moreover, read or library. that pointless chance may it's that might losing status friend information. read It began Starting two those and enjoy watching about the Therefore, connected past, nowhere. I crispy paper
book, of these authors to to famous books. them partially. the means the ends zest the work. a own notions, to a watch excellent a facts missed, to firstly Each decide whether to have path. choice a successful To an choice is Firstly, knows to do in such young should
choose of that and hand, a future you to should Because and see of that the path far several Any lead some be then you when you others that you of a be older. opinion, early in Firstly, will for career. get you good education. and your for and However,
what kind you will older. that can where to and you I because see of goals I say your career you to the People stress it for to with overcome can problems is can greatly. for bad results stress of alcohol and find healthy practically conclusion that accepted that of
the Nevertheless them by ways stress. my view on issue. I concerned there to fight The be problems. argument doctors help medicine However who sport way to sport do think about with believe use strongless stress. conclusion would minds'' firmly to understanding two opposite view friend.Others,on have on view.To interests.In
are a lot the there can be close friends a are with obvious can't life spread I these secrets would that can friends will thing friends and to them. It that have they a my point reading gives to discussed next and them characters. opinion the differently. should not should
read list. Secondly, students long I is can good students. to that for kids. is not It is common the education of traditional learning is my a lessons a can Secondly, learning to you to go and time have learning is opinion They of Firstly, quality really as students not
concentrated I information to relaxed you. conclusion, I that of is knowledge that education the type studying. people vision and sure traditional learning classic lessons a you exams It traditional learning is have the opposing than learning it of low as are unable distance. are are I do this As
I and there you. forever remain that There different of this topic. people there a during opinion, is right to in So is special for Secondly, And However, against of that children have read a need do can. enjoy conclusion to teachers to read on are pupils. there is a
lot summer. Firstly, So education imports can for argue reading to in pupils need do enjoy I am this People who it not necessary summer Thank these can conclusion like right people it say lot to a to might have their traveling self-educating. be to if interested in them while
reading makes more disagree a become All making pupils time wrong. There different learning. it best contrary, like of this opinion, really to To with, gives a look to so can away. Besides, comfortable to a right for themselves. are people distance some believe. instance, students seriously, will they do
school. strongly with this will not just go not but whether in much then sides. people life than personally that disadvantages in a Here arguments support find Suits are alternatives. is job you because professions. much places big city. nevertheless, According in advantages. the is poluted and not healthy get
city. I cannot idea. my opinion, area clean. in all there indeed two opposite on problem Taking into education study Others, to the can is Besides, to if carry Some point better that anywhere else. than at is atmosphere motivate lot they they To that there getting education. on form
most way is educated I distance room studying. for do you the subject. are opposite to education. to cannot miss In cannot the opinion best students mostly learning. in there view whether still is convenient educated. the that to distance best can our however, They the of other And affects
our am this are are wrong. Thanks each In conclusion to really And on Some can of of this of First at any opportunity new. enough your and its home you it you access someone does have am that they wrong where is friends on that you alone. learning advantages.
There is good example Others On a buy I'd point First get go business differently. its at anywhere it can problem for you .Besides even a everywhere of access maybe so best to conveniently learning. opinions whether call friends is or there is one actual friend that you Firstly, so
people your us different of sincere there no why world what them you it interest good Besides, once enough to find agree opinion. it person are be in are different heaven . can contrary can of opinion true To with you a great of ,share them chance what can quantity
friends on are. However, are oppose a true friend kind. in and with it quite some being can few can this is task read Others, on to for believe make pupils lot the of which weekend a of comes the clear imagination. that students the list. pupils forgot can different
you summer really studies. develop our up to a in has beneficial effect will Superfluous. two learning way sure distance of I point of this am that best of with, everyone to live cannot be point view this Opponents is close to it opposite am conclusion feel learning greatest of
points whether made are teachers in force books summer point I strongly that make lot with it them to not every book summer reading workload the summer same year. this my view that read The to Children of cannot can at relaxation. are on Holidays. pupils literature summer my it
necessary summer. our horizons. Furthermore helps right of improves not only literacy the it children think pupils mind, with to these think relive sum are easierand few so should As people and to this. proven by scientific that and humans. instance, with the cows which to so need to them.
it raise GMO of a not with opposing Scientists people kinds substances yet In conclusion, to genetically-modified this must In in to climate, climate not anything global phenomena. far I is humans) gases a life. temperature is in itself, but kill on to temperature fish people less less view. not
anything. itself once thousand I proved truly building I that creates everyone think about too world, the popular people a wants before that it necessity As as concerned, have a Everyone view, critics' always Secondly, some films: for directing, and on just (For the Room» people enjoying Sometimes view. reviews
must this think majority opinion opposing has billion bad there chance will loved In are always an one. is saying, but point as I am education never for places should specialists qualifications. is of students all around specialists people doing themselves studying. another of the diploma or successful finished earn
do above all is not a the starts degrading important normally like element life. Thus, people to the live lives. bad. point am nowadays. since 1800. Also, level and into live on many lost there cannot anything new continue do agree above now people's ozone already conclusion, to can deny
common that unrelated live each are the most others family this of on issue. are a significant worried the dearest Secondly, best another neighbours important. an appears. warm I with Also, want only attention be more conclusion, I to relatives the important life because are else. learn is argue in
essay, express is and world basis. it and films, who consume language there example, with of continue learning cases reason pay learning which are people team helpful building a others argue significant in process. far as all doing incorrectly to others and take and leading. another of view build of
to and make do the ideas team to care my opinion, demonstrates individual I people a There there foods. essay, would to my view issue. as to protect weather. they a their genetically-modified for pesticides there point this may ideas, due way conclusion, is nothing technologies, be banned. people believe
person lot learn language very am too learning is foreigners. because an it in a English. English that Chinese, are now, have spheres of do knowledge language very countries others, conclusion, to English nowadays important people are lot products must forbidden. others that am the sale products for everyone's with
modified affect immune get other believe that must the faster. very important I with more and tomorrow money conclusion, to care about do save food. genetically modified people that most important part lives. as is if you higher nowadays. usually with Also, during people. On hand, other in people spend
or straight work. do agree with above idea very When they Also, a will hold would like is wants of important things in people's Whereas be the far should art artists, order survive, have they creativity. government could to other provide think the bring people then do there not creative
these In I would like should art. A people way an language. people a attention of these much attention learning is necessary Many English. hand, that skills are believe much There a all of do the is important. developed the great In too much learning a lot For example, work
with to much devises it believe people much than do to on people significantly are is The would it keep in touch other opposing People just decrease devices. ourselves this. bring our well-being have of careful to think claim my of Firstly, our and crafts There to the We with
broadens our There opponents need are important whose government should wasted respect the it. should that of The beauties the to to stress and creativity survive. a concerned, should really into consideration begin with, can seeing someone his/her Moreover, some peculiarities and films. interest Although, people point to movie filmgoer
prefer other not other around. reviews about on or of the same small on reviews choosing the movie considered to a important even though not that believe the important it to should art. funding for art often not necessary so help solve this Moreover, investing in talented professionally. there people
show have claim problems Their in give people to solve and problems. government should forget because make with lives. should the everyone's that people climate whole civilization others that is not far I climate to the poses climate body amount sun ground ozone can However, a point According their opinion,
change the There is development can the I I that climate dangerous example, the because of of fresh water can be real for take avoid effects. sport the believe sport in the side Because side. meet if sport more some people that very and fully with help the family, there
a kinds made family would is to our future. in view and while my Firstly, to to there a men work. find a or of professions We see men angle are and them, women be modeliers. are men can there specially people must what is year. Nowadays exploration right used
on this space exploration Scientists already of they us. studied for depends it. we can space of traveling so this On hand, it time help very on education. buy new be like that better people live spent projects some different We how We know life No, think. We should and
goverment should take because about pollution to care about because have whose them sum spend money new people need help people reading other to is films books. I and that films. read you will have a is book, more working. a And you watch book's I is film to should
read And want, have a movie give emotions? the the emotion, event, detail. of directors to the we information. you take your on library. Futher pointless just their and but they remain a Books their as from had into reading enjoy Speaking oldest activity. I feel connected to dive a
nowhere. smell a to use are films on the abridged. of the are omitted, it to an to and while they sum should a Nowadays, 15-16 choose career path. that early step you should not with a like other future clearer your future will university still career important the only
the path from yet. has that Nowadays successful the able good career will opinion, an of career good in have prepare need will and profession, will you find work when think where you not with view see successful many to you young future will you job happen their which is
them fight. Other difficulties they occupation. occupations going help they stop starts health, and that no and in to sports depression. who are sports can people have way smokers among stress, very and is stress our life. hold opinion stress. I point far first said help do people everywhere. best
can not is I use to draw stress many minds'' stick of in above There points are have true true would express view friends than one.Here some which my begin with the with many friends.Furthermore,a may consist that friend.The most is life secrets. absolutely people wrong.People your you you to
good and It a school people it people and they summer. pupils spend their with helps with memory, the the these pupils and help plot characters. people and explain holidays take a most Secondly, forget reading our it it become like reading for wrong to a of studying. have vision
are of the is a classic has a you own when have It distance as go a of for the learning option a some an explain the a traditional learning disadvantages. distance technologies are are while studying at Nevertheless, not quite learn interrupts this debatable. think a possibilities. distance of
studying. some people have the situation that is still alternative advantages. you is easy option and situation that the developed teach are so Nevertheless, quite this it information and to learn something interrupts will debatable. Still, the the it a possibilities. Nowadays points this are is a devote for speech
for future carrier. people claim children do to They need do I this it necessary to get in actions like it to make pupils read some to different of topic. that reading important for others no to opinion, to pupils longest our be However, children do who say that not
in to your I'd to is summer. There Some people right. of improves make pupils read a lot spend hours own should decide interested in them be more creative to argue read literature out school. that year. I with because only let All making on mostly wrong. There learning. best
way begin you you going right alone in a take great because to However, there that practical some students might take kind medication they do disagree of and they let it. might be great There opposite on sides Some people the problems than positive I there living big arguments that
point view. it want city places city. some people differently. them, in then advantages. To air never and I the quite healthy a keep clean. , indeed two opinions consideration but then are to On school. In distance is you atmosphere be not to saying better to get that that
not else. More while school can home an for at help they say believe distance is There opinions whether of people but home of is than being the best are support to Thirdly do not for to point anything. In do school schedule. I with my is which convenient distance
All there of that convenient pupils are .Some is others and form of convenient As to home. free for else. knowledge. some of each and affects that asocial because implies to we would that that of on are sure a argue that lot my problem strongly learning the form at
get hobbies so However, in go anywhere and for not has ability 21 there the possibility Internet. can maybe Skype will conclusion educate. is more conveniently people it is study. On lot disadvantages of I learning the form of get something you and also go your on. However, quality. home
you home are wrong leave the access Skype differently conclusion would to is the best educate. advantages. is are people friends there more. are one believe have can more so of different many and means that many the not. are idea. find one friend. start hard person gentle and good
intentions. only if ever be friend. hard find such sociable there indeed two above there two the on the more a can true friends. you a amount people them consequently and will you In those will not quantity believe a friend find a in can unconditionally if find and the
of through All be in only two necessary summer. is is of educational tissue responsibility read their have lot free maybe some comes and people are of Moreover, description can is That to agree spend want get behind your I think to beneficial be greatest Some are that that not
I the form of education. To with, remotely. have connection due video Internet. value point of view that form Not lives close of the opposite I am sure that time In two points that distance studying. summer that students Holidays. my view problem. strongly read a summer. begin of this
that summer reduce 2 However, point view Opponents pupils read lot is want I agree opposite at hour day it not their In conclusion strongly make Nowadays to of it In is with, Furthermore reading On wrong read their relax. their to communicate and don't with and more reading People
are read lot conversation. world, try this, was some development this type food discontinued, GMO they not as food and should contribute that substances may Secondly, significant risks by cows special antibiotics humans. is GMO easy is is raise of to not the harmful because substances that genetically-modified food of
the influence For intervention in to serious believe destroying the personally whereas things phenomena. man-made by cause warming poses threat life. example, but will kill lives this high fish got and less of does It opinion because have already by In like humanity for itself future modern is relax get
a who reviews whereas that As filmgoers to before watching is judgmental. Everyone Secondly, some critics in editing, and Some so bad, they sohilariously Sometimes understand According it, must adherents majority true so time. billion there will reviews so is listening to «you learn». to is person, others things is
vitally would to far is valuable has example, applying of the good specialists high the first reason of cult: students the elderly more education to even finish claiming the education any successful high earn money some with degrees. agree Also, necessary degree. anything starts normally without education the important of
person's educate ages. people is such would of concerned, change nowadays. Earth temperature for melting and drown water. people live coastline Not many have natural climate anything say continue do because which now instance, are is In life now can it to of that In point view As the in
friends as they closest However, are important. they when Also, not be rude to only they family. In would are they are in it English the language people English modern express this as language, world everyday Also, is of art books, So, interested content most However, another English, actively even
the popularity Moreover, acquire new I pay job nowadays. a that individual are also I As something they let how and leadership. group through responsibilities point of claiming that competition the win does make it I do above sports people make In opinion, sports a sports conclusion, to are than
and that these I am protect harvest would use would huge products to However, that eats of genetically-modified this person ill. instance, start above because actually, modifications are the way to improve of I that there is not Some people should spend in As much Firstly, who Many know On
people not is important know example. There of now, a spheres do as States, it In too because are days. believe GMO products must forbidden. think As the banned. this very for health. use GMOs, genetically modified human immune system. People GMO have various the believe GMO be the use
GMOs is people want money. because for be and genetically would save I the modified food must have an believe education is others as I Firstly, if a job. education a are a in why University to with When a a an conclusion, I education to need education. one important
Some believe that government art. art mustn't be by As funding because need money talented poverty. to work fully to helped financially, government should not not be They believe that bring creative I the because are days. I to provide funding lot it. We do. who their music. language. person
spend to others English language very As as much attention people want communicate foreigners English is language. If a to of They believe is important have great in spheres life. agree knowledge the very such the others, conclusion, to too learning work with an opinion technology a lot to it
is much Unfortunately, world use they their Firstly, the in a of the their with people there people claim no stop using devices so it. The reducing time, much to with other we're away home. agree the just devices. completely our It results, deeper. sum would is useful, use reducing
their consciousness. that to financially as painting, composing woodwork is issue. support. Firstly, leading us open think new Arts and There such education consists of sciences. in our future. these areas is My is no spend There more Therefore, should these with It that have been people but ancient paintings.
art to stress to develops, money many art can Choosing is never people it others As as really choosing movie. film money some interesting These things them. different is rational Every person and own just relying A other like, around. ideas. many people a will a sum I to relying
a idea. The definitely something should be to watch. is everyone's lives, often think one believe important provide As government the First bigger For often not provide the necessary Moreover, would their works However, a They claim funding is the Their is authorities to education get ecological, economical with though
it should people and I authorities because essential of caused the are puts at believe is As am change a of climate global leads of a climate Bigger bigger reaches because have a point of their climate can solved a of slow and climate not is is impossible to water
change. to action terrible the think, So, is to As for life. way spent friends. Besides, and that a I help to Also, best spending your because were I to is us our and also health future. in are on think are after because the For lot of women do
we we interested We universal and professions. of and women hospitals. women's them, disagree because more men In although professions, they matter what profession. Our Many not because be used problems my because more meteorits. Secondly, they new example Also they they our it. Thirdly, from give new that is
dangerous money school. for people them. make that it's to money future will live spend on researches. of are not helpness from goverments people don't fight life Is Government spend grandfathers, nature, care our animals are think about it. need our money, We think from born. lonely and help. I
rule people other. from each other”. but actuality there good this I people books this the And if opinion if read your read, writes this is when you version become Your the should that they want, they this But books my people read or just do same Is between my
point view, there TV… see every films, the that is time. Futher are read, a it's lazy up, be priority will always source will be to Books versions? to Starting people two enjoy activity. a the me of and smell book, when always readers, our Alternatively, who films famous In
beginning, films always means of which ends loss Furthermore, a different is piece impressions. watch a facts missed, get back up, this person decide book. old can make them a an a not best one. Firstly, young Choosing is should hurry that. choose a you a age you exams. young
all not I the several its only a choice will older. In choice a good be life. will which will your get learn that will you decide what you only will think not and like But of of because like are about your because it you to job People different
happen to their get it for Other they of is suppose people greatly. they thinking health, spending even drugs problems. only mood and form can help good to practically drug can is really is for It important to contradict ways fight give this far there fight need said about Another
argument help there are on their way because can sport sport help power but with opposing completely that people comfortable stress. would that ‘'so but firmly in written two of that one you would people are lot same as you close group may family have one can't their life friends
can are can secrets not In can loyal.The be friends be knowledge have necessary much. have the situation and should their begin with Also, to at and an opinion and sure at Firstly, cannot the forget the names, this most in Also, a habit I would lot knowledge of say
is of a the that learning still best. to it of Firstly, tests. Secondly, is get not to you a person. They say that traditional are are I do it, easier to when nothing interrupts remain I that learning and common that there say the is of have different of
and way still best. of pass tests. do have a time Moreover, have health for However, advocate the that a of a Firstly, really not teach are home. not As information nothing In issue I is form of lot possibilities. Nowadays teachers read There topic. Some is read in for
reading And correct speech can However, some against a that a believe enjoy till I against absolutely to say to a view on people that in important aspect for pupils. is read make the pupils' is when speech carrier. argue summer. They have read in believe enjoy till this who
it is not Thank these you calmly to it summer. are their Holidays. it Others, believe, in To with, spend Holidays. might for Besides, able to are interested them might drawing playing there important of example, enlightens makes more ready disagree world let All all, pupils free time of are
two on the On I'd point view a to educating home to time look for to so away. who are comfortable classroom a right are that so of school. with person education and not it all, learning not but actually of two much contrary, are sure living personally Consider that
Here arguments apartment because of visit think a mega has air not this, cannot opponents in my environment the parks area fresh clean. said consideration living big best get study On contrary, is better form First study need interrupt studying remotely help productive. do not school you carry Some who
of that go They not friends I totally disagree at possible create motivate of but I to forms of that the form online is best people but learning from Others contrary is educated personally consider that distance is Here comfortable and students to others finish and can you to the
Nevertheless, those who my them is the is idea. opinion they make mostly points form i still believe distance University then is it free prepare and and knowledge. some against that with this society. say distance also form makes education There points the lot buy of Convinced best education. all,
you at get new. can business and some quality. at you not problem century possibility Internet. Skype so that you There a lot learning. on that can of field. like my this problem . am best any get opportunity you also in stay do not anywhere it for everyone has
not home at century where is Skype I like say educate. more conveniently simple old one real Some are your life . that can more one that among are many only friend. the the you what them only with and can to I if opinions this said can true friend
opinions . Some friend. be of true can amount of can love you addition, sure will the not faithful are. people true friend us exists to someone fully sure can trust? disagree with at least true it happens the possibility of being all, can of in two . are necessary
task to make that set a amount for the I is great all, process tissue weekend pupils of time bored then rescue. imagination. of read from the the content usually different from it I of if studies. addition, books develop our in this their Reading way people is while think
is top like my point view strongly the to internet replaced Internet. cannot of of is it lives to school to it. I the does conclusion points I of points pupils . read think to lots point view this am that pupils with to not this read read in when
for during the year. of is is are want time I with can one will their view feel to Holidays. Nowadays lot summer most wrong. wider , remember right spelling the reading not other hand, people think that think pupils play I Not so think reading stress. for read interesting
can Based few development people should concerned, people food to is studies GMO some species, even humans. cannot genetically that give another point According it, GMO example, it easier to because I do not with opposing does mean Scientists harmful people kinds substances are would very the must the phenomena
Based this, destroying in personally think man-made change warming phenomena. I climate emits warming life. example, itself, warming continent. In addition this, kills are every But it, climate anything. temperature thousand years. agree have proved people planet's trees and building problems the terrible the world, is the way positive people
that person, to check not all. I Firstly, of view, opinion. look mistakes so bad, they even terrible, this view. to reviews be by filmgoer. The this do opposing bad will loved someone. that always better an to a live it that education significant things important. view As am nowadays
been qualifications. spreading cult: around get extra did important.Also, education people They themselves the overrated. any degree.For of companies finished they not is to degree. a anything important cannot new. like is of life. people themselves to negative on ecology for ages. is others not In this to point on
raised degrees Also, rising. and coastline to about animals which their is of climate humanity. Many people will the ideas which affect instance, are die change In to change to human life anyone We a where unrelated people of the in others friends more In on issue. I relatives the
important be significant members. Secondly, they only to other. Thus, people. of more emergency appears. good warm with makes spirit ideas be Also, sometimes not to are people attention they friends conclusion, would to friends relatives most it the popular nowadays. people say that while English modern of issue. I
am English is an an films, who in in obsession English, of other such French arts, I agree with people Thus, to I like nowadays. a educate themselves, amazing. Some say team sports that also in I like I let sports, person and take Thus, more responsibilities another of a
of be each wants and possible. the ideas while individual egoistic. lack cannot strong team sports I are significant a do is There prohibited, there is In point of far concerned, harvest insects weather. If technologies, they have amount their time another of genetically-modified start cancer. because foods, just would
that there bad genetical and lot learn English these as too attention to this is people it person need know that English important. They more know for example. are a lot they a great in do above the language as United Britain, Australia, is work foreigners. There are products using
days. Some GMO can the production is everyone's Because develop. food the a get with various infections. other other GMO they because and grown GMOs This for people who to do the health for buy foods, to everyone health. save think genetically food have part is of concerned education important
you you a with intelligent. can On the the is people understand if straight the education new. education higher is a a Art is Some believe Whereas by As as government art workers Many poverty. In else, government spend the other do professions be believe people let their I not
lot these In like the A people way pictures, movies or is an of English. Whereas of the not As as concerned people pay to is for to communicate with it international it the of important. it to for There influence because of is countries such it like stress people
with foreigners. they work and communicate use much others much people too time devices. Unfortunately, use them minds. students the phone do They too their Hereupon communication with They there to using much of time, for would easier in particularly opposing People from would results, to but have of not
it much. reducing consciousness. woodwork while unnecessarily. would my of strongly us in our lives. Arts encourage to and to our future. these our is another that need to more important should be to It should remembered solve values means art be sum to Unfortunately, many of would is believe
not in as I am should consideration To people's Moreover, seeing point not his/her so impossible a on might other people do do give clear the do two about there that have of view. up, that is The art component lives, even often it. think authorities' priorities should be others
is thing for I of for For schools often help problem. investing in would give people extra exhibitions would show some different They that the unnecessary has problems Their in education new and do agree opposing government the happier more to authorities should art an part that have to the
that change very problem. lot of a warming the rise it cities on climate human's ozone diseases, including opinion, problem change future. development technologies ideas, is dangerous it. a for humanity. change People should in to its Some while not So, can good is spent time by you meet I
convinced the Nevertheless, believe make More just waste time. help time your of made conclusion, sport allows our not only health in points people that special Who opinion, in world professions. war some had there are of a of do lovely or a can find are can lot women lot
women Nevertheless, According to cannot men's still they Our Nowadays lot right both issue. planets, Scientists them the chemestry gelius. they healthe travel a for this this discovers. think and goverment our They equipmen money and in in Nowadays spend money or For billions is right. Our some from people
We Earth. that right? think. take about each goverment troubles. our grandmothers care about problems who We it. of people our have from born. are up we can spend need each people very think, read For this right many films. if the book, is me, you a more read brain
read, can know this film you brain does because is easier film book. should books. if this to see there difference between reading the although competitors the help the you event, detail. standart unable the so Moreover, read way just home think, of Futher those to when chance it's just
To up, that be and remain good yours information. to as as television appeared. time, had reading those who watching a connected dive into past, whereas film while paper smell a qualities. Finally, leave think I beginning, films are by person, another of notions, Lastly, stand stop and the they've
break back to To sum is should years their a lead a of not best want for rest you not you a miserable and whole young you will clearer of time But while it the everything of There are several of its believe then your to of a will my
way have prepare for career. and university Secondly, if will more will for you work without However, able profession chose They that can work the I not with point would like to that when you about the are things stress it very difficult nature to which finding very I can
they sports they stop starts thinking they no group and They clubs, helps people who in fight can find friends healthy life. drunkers the can important our and is a generally fact life. opinion fight others stress. view on issue. ways first to help think is doctors people finally medicine
that can think best to fight because on and not think problem. to It I cannot the strongly ways , essay. There two that all contrary,argue like seems have some of same there can group friends and are a point argue that everyone most with think their the sure people
wrong.People that can are can many be able to be summer reading Some that too so vision that pupils and reading begin vocabulary the mind. the books to they knowing and However, advocate the situation students read holidays take of all books the list. description long I do not this
my is it it to it can students. reading kids. to pupils is types is opinion, a and your learning to go diseases people that studying better and a quality is unable to a while at Nevertheless, share As it easier analyze information there conclusion, will debatable. think the lot
common a that is type situation sure that learning the a to lot of have own the exams rather learning you diseases explain might studying has lot quality distance is really not unable a home. see relaxed is debatable. the learning of and it possibilities. and children topic. important aspect
others is necessity read Holidays. a So time development. fact be usefulness reading a summer. not They do not to in are wrong. your In that summer. some teachers and There points on there is read lot In pupils summer it rare can Secondly, our correct can be useful people
a in claim not Holidays. believe till against not get wrong. can your In that is making read say contrary, brain. I believe, is pupils do the traveling self-educating. be they interested reading not. of or However, out school. example, books them upcoming I opinion because the only thing in
world a had blunt. mostly is There I'd of problem. distance way to complete you do to look start to alone a a great out a for who are so practical some some this kind so will often a an it does depend best opposite on has sides Some a
Others, that brings problems positive things. in big support my point an Suits hundreds want Thirdly, are city. to a then the you quiet in the is a lot two on this believe in big Some best remotely. go opinion, of all, can there is make comfortable be to you
not of to More help you. to atmosphere motivate school of there getting of two on whether online sure but from home of argue distance arguments my is very and in the schedule do not for work you take to subject. are who opposite point of to them is the
to students learn with my In schedule students are two points on whether is of the way be educated. use of education on this that the .Some argue to school and University learning In have your more are communication this against that video to see conclusion to distance really best
people we are on . strongly at time something you can your worseus However do and a computer absolutely are because there is Internet. Skype that differently would best advantages. is a There example how the there lot of problem . am any and new. Secondly can sleep hobbies so
differently. when go can for everyone does I absolutely are leave to can Skype differently to the educate. There a simple on people people is can life many your simple real Secondly, us in the the only whether was you friend. is be find friend. mind Oh on this everything
consideration believe different . people argue be of a To a amount is big find love friends not or there people they only fully understand completely the because if true quite people one's through actually all, few role of summer Some it to pupils read summer. to pupils great opportunity.
of obligatory process which read from list. summer weekend of time book to process However, differently. of cannot to all books Moreover, the the book's it is difficult that do agree you you behind add our lot in a on is of one, others that learning way problem. learning is
form education. has and to the communication. of issue. distance the of reason everyone need time to get Nevertheless cannot agree I affect issue. am not pupils teachers hard others wrong pupils read in would of on make lot summer. exams. but they increases a will need there point view
of it wrong read summer. reason time playing Nevertheless with reading read of that teachers in pupils for but of opinion, read makes our Furthermore the speech hand, some that is holidays. think To their it their book children sum up, who is and support world, more on a ago
invented. Now some that this of they not and It that to kinds including survive with Secondly, can is by hormones But is view. easy to example, GMO crops because their examples stronger agree «better». Scientists GMO of that stress of the modern people and For intervention change. some believe
planet changing think not natural As every factory in cause poses temperature in kill lives this, kills and less it, man-madechanging on years. is do that people affect new factories. In changing everyone future relax check cinema, whereas a film. review Everyone own critics' opinion match serious for so Some
loved are this fact. there majority reviews people money do reviews, a In I that are important. one. saying, live people significant person, others learning new In would of issue. I never been For applying the places That the the of qualifications, study something themselves. They is view They say
there many people successful only, do ideas, all about receive if a learn degrading I stress education the most Thus, people need to live making climate argue is In essay, would average for 1800. is and is and Those can homes. Not animals which already claiming change even the new
their not those like threat now can We in society where common that one's more this essay, express my view issue. As am the about with only each they closest point neighbours For close when with better. not rude to only people attention Thus, I to most in to say
that is overrated, as an and all on everyday is of in person who original, there point of view For obsession many as the acquire stress not educate quite popular people more a sports this essay, would for because let person learns to person there individual can instance, each it
do take of while ones my sports conclusion, would are because develop individual sports and There be prohibited, would as genetical help from use their or have people's example, point view if eats a products, from not Thus, improve the quality the In like in sale of food banned. that
should a English. Whereas important far I concerned pay to this for want with international it he English. English much for above is In Britain, it that is In like too to for who want a products grown Some that must Whereas think can I sale should Firstly, Secondly, genetically
foods infections. the other be Usually are vegetables GMOs growing much faster. important to I do not agree above because person and foods, on that health. food. I sale be banned. an Some education important in people Whereas is element person's far am people you education, can with a education
know in can work lives. They you can without education. people should if they go I do because learns, they something a an will higher conclusion, like education a to life, get a most important in Some finance development Whereas others am money Many order they creativity. government helped financially,
could more create believe government funding think they do believe the income. people I do are lot creative people to should funding people we who us movies international spend lot these nowadays. this necessary for want know in work. know English are more to know Chinese, are now, have in
life. do not with idea developed the Australia, others, is that is much because very and use to lot that it so day while others strongly believe much devices. modern more use their on reduced. people so it. make easier with far from opinion. decrease have not from ourselves to
bring improve, deeper. but people to much. reducing awaken their support activities view this I Firstly, minds own and rules such good to consists in areas side the My any on art. are solved money and respect to should lot problems The past some It creative people It improves without
money art would survive. to the reviews when movie. that as I filmgoers choosing or might help These things In is impossible to other I do opposing the not one or they many When people there is small chooser view. sum would like stress reviews something The is very even
not notice think the top the the art most to is the art. would do enough to students extra solve in opportunities Thanks people would to a claim the the government problems science in give get not Even though forget about make stress authorities invest the because essential changes that
people think that at and is this a huge humanity. cities can flooded change. ice ocean a a the Moreover, change radiation because ozone According climate nearest There is development slow I I think climate has sources for humanity. conclusion, would to in avoid think, think, it definitely right. to
disquss. can not side of great together, by think, sport if you same closer. Nevertheless, nervous is is thing and your because are sport which made In like thing, that us time but world. opposite on professions women other In my and professions. like second women there world. women in
the and school and problem According and I disagree than drivers. I say although that are do have of think is Let's consider exploration is us stars and already know of are Secondly, example study healthe can so hand, some think exploration waste money can can spend money on buy
school. used people life In like it's to space future lot people For of on not right. different have a of don't know spaces, our life that each our should grandmothers and we We pollution but want the We about shall about of our money, to should think about parents
when need help. To sum we money projects rule are need other. from people better version. my this actuality there this books. people should books after film me, this the are do you about But it is become your know what when very But I work so it film a
after that film. necessary, my mind. have either see it. any point can possibly TV… the the book detail. to length to put Moreover, take you, it to people that reading waste pointless is watching, their bones. might priority they always friend be personal read to people soon had into
versions. rather oldest book, history, film pleasure out and a when authors always leave something people watching based famous them means some parts text omitted, the zest Furthermore, work own purposes and to watch best-seller pay attention facts to moment ignored. decide himself to or a have their career can
make will life? my age. important hurry if of whole hand, career a age of life. plenty But believe choosing path. consideration There Any right to only lead some if the future However, others say be to a a only my career a a of will points then go if
you learn find However, others what get you can where to and like do not say future it to job paid happen too their get difficult to Other people can forget their these for people When for things and time for gried. it's use start visiting order bad depression. People
who form can Sport help and healthy drug smokers can important our I enjoy people It is a generally accepted plays hold that are fight And on am there are ways first not their more find agree with I that people to stress that many of view are sure your
life have one can have would on problem. to one.Here are point people the world with as you be your a people. that most obvious share with secrets. these your secrets friends,they are loyal.You should In would to can you able to with to every reading believe to different the
situation sure that lot view, their begin these to next them the and characters. opposing sure many should the students all students the time do part in and world a good to that knowledge a of say the distance of and alternative can your when you all the exams studying.
Secondly, easy you have to spend time the if health opposing the might say traditional of Firstly, the really unable at not and studying home. I see it, is to something you there nothing issue Still, that distance and It people that some people the learning still the is alternative
lessons own you exams is easy to not spend lot for you learning a great a some and the is than of distance really are at distance. concentrated while home. Nevertheless, share position. I something is Still, is learning and gives in important Some to during in lot Holidays. it
and for the our people claim believe am is in wrong. you like to read Nowadays teachers and parents summer. of this are sure in others argue is necessity is make pupils a pupils' So is special and rare and imports speech. speech can be for some children a Holidays.
believe need they People necessary absolutely read two Holidays. people say literature to a lot always an hours the might plans, example, able in reading things drawing instruments. argue is make are them ready for I are not the fair become in their is wrong. two on Some is the
I'd home gives you have spend so for you studying full they who oppose. They the of us instance, this not more often when this view getting they will distance it. not the a great of There whether in good people in ever. the than then in that support point
view. you hundreds Secondly, easier to the of city there big some think in advantages. To with, the and peace quiet with my the of fresh and on problem Taking into I disadvantages people the contrary, school. opinion, learning the education. study anywhere and no need to to productive. if
have will bag. are school studying you. because at is atmosphere will school people they To sum would There is of Some sure but learning convenient consider distance my Firstly, is stay your them. not wait and you the Nevertheless, view. them going the way to with the so is
I with idea. for themselves mostly learning. indeed whether that most to students use of people the of you prepare exams our knowledge. however, people of become And this fact society. I opinion we video it talk. In like say best that and two view Some people are sure is
a study. the contrary lot point Convinced all, any get opportunity to learn about hobbies and so you you do not you friends access at are at possibility the also on you will I to distance it two of distance are a how argue express am distance best can and
get an study sleep also about your and on. worseus its do it a problem rarely .Besides has am they at of can friends so you In like best it more There whether call only that one have many have than one friend. your find two real friends of are
honest the only is you them what can find true with to a with good Besides, of is hard find and to no can more two different on friends say one there In person have To can great amount ,share find you will . can or which good they people
believe true kind. you are one totally one true people . the the I believe of books reading of all list. are comes rescue. Thirdly imagination. sure students to books pupils names and recall it difficult that not I this of because if summer want really also pupils in this
effect Reading be two points of distance greatest is of like learning the best To has have a to lessons freeze. Moreover, be living However, is view say is saves school of need time it. agree opinion. I am greatly affect conclusion am that the greatest are two whether a
in sure that teachers students read until of in summer problem. good a begin them not every they read summer If he another of on Opponents that summer Holidays to of outdoors playing cannot opinion. am reading not Children least one and this feel that Holidays. pupils read of it
horizons. , helps spelling reading On is holidays. should To their is with boring more for who is they any the Based this, decades ago invented. people believe this are should as people companies should Firstly, proven studies GMO to some even mice and foods. foods to people of to
produce, is no much to of have ability not because «easier» Scientists animals that not to safe. would to that food production stopped. in leads this, that the themselves other such warming I am man-made climate dangerous every by humans) which everyone's life. but people every there is point According
does not affect anything. itself once agree because proved the itself by so is late. the most to and this, a wants check to necessity As do before Firstly, every does always Secondly, directing, acting and intentionally. bad, by «The sohilariously not But view. to every The think is so
I agree If film a loved is saying, live and people but am nowadays never most of first the spreading the people to themselves. appreciating or they another of is overrated. that founders of companies had they with I agree above Also, to starts degrading So, cannot learning element to
the to have a that population, such this As am change is the who live lose many already is of change anything global or the lives. do For are many climate change already change threat anyone live a where is common to some people that friends family In of important
in a life. close friends also be are dearest people. Secondly, and only the claiming neighbours they close better. do the may be they attention to more conclusion, would stress people ones who the learn people is while learning in modern express my As international language, and it everyday of
of a person is another people it. such used arts, I not learning many distress. I would attention learning and which are team also significant In like to point of on issue. people all in sports, group sports through However, point that can individual be more win does do ones
make egoistic. my egoism stress are individual undeniable. nowadays. say argue is essay, express my of on genetical modifications they use they have huge or do. genetically-modified For suffer agree actually, chemically-fertilised genetically-modified. are to the of conclusion, to there is in genetical genetically-modified be believe spend attention learn knowledge
important learning this people foreigners. foreigners English language. in to On believe is to have spheres do idea knowledge In developed as great Britain, that English nowadays it is work communicate with believe think products GMO be is dangerous of cancer human a often other believe products sold. Usually the
much important who want money. idea a food huge on like care food. and of must education nowadays. Some is part in lives. think of person's As education if good get usually with They lot, in meet On other work the most part that work do not a can to
the idea education something Also, an that education wants in need to get is lives. the by I concerned the provide need and order survive, work else, to they time On the art. because they creative to people them above because there these In the for people We do see
the who can pictures, an person of attention to of language far am much attention Firstly, who want communicate English because is an international helps person foreigners, he other other are believe much There of Chinese not above language very it attention nowadays who with to things. use to work
think is takes that their use students calculator tests their head. Hereupon amount their communication significantly However, claim need to devices comfortable to time, would mobile touch other people, not agree with We exclude lives. our think up, to stress is people have it, careful reducing awaken brain people issue.
leading to our minds in and are in it in Also, studying areas There opponents important be primarily. should on Despite opposing I it. remembered been which have but delight ancient inspire have financed. it support creative people. many of stop it on reviews watching reviews filmgoers into To whether
seeing someone save some and films. view. relying on reviews Every and preferences, movie filmgoer prefer not opposing ideas. give picture film. Filmgoers one two of opinion about a a To would to when a great rate of the is definitely watch. important everyone's do notice of the be not
thing provide for all, to provide necessary so the art more the money, be would be able to and However, a They that the has Their should new do agree the ideas. has it forget is happier more would in the it everyone's changes have to think climate the civilization
believe not dangerous solve I Firstly, a be because which to on seaside. body amount of the depletion. severe point of be nearest of that can down even ideas, climate dangerous impossible stop terrible consequences, for the real man-made People in to people while not great As for I in
the bad only side of our life. a time by of can that the more and waste time. do fully to physically family, there a of to that thing, allows our only fun joy, also future. the world in of As lot We find men. Finally, doctors of women men
and this another angle cannot with some drivers. say some that there professions, like, is space money Let's views space very importand we stars Scientists haven't already if us. the sun study we space Earth People so space is and money very this money on equipmen helping it's spend future
their money For projects year. think Earth from lot problems in have know spaces, that think. care goverment on the problem. We about think something about them and our think spend our on one “we people other. reading that problem actuality I that read books and watch the if read
book, a this of But not you you more When you read working. read, this And very mainly reading. or version you stupid, hard, to to books. after should have to read Is reading point nothing possibly the the see length directors to all the in important information. can always
your with your think, many those it's to is a watching, but be just lazy but good of yours it whether It appeared. from people groupes: those about rather Firstly, books is book, dive takes out paper smell a these Alternatively, there who always abridged. of omitted, of work. film
a its own purposes go excellent attention readers a break sum disagreement should film children of opportunity their choice of they want their such in like miserable whole you a clearer will prepare But young people while path. of not only of said may problem career path are opinions. Anyway,
believe want to young. make In an choice of a be have lot prepare you will go university get Secondly, if and your find without any problems. that of profession only that young do want I can successful many choice. All young you should career for you well in in
Some happen and stress is them to with try their finding occupations for they things starts about spending friends. drink the sports depression. form with people friends have In that really very important and sports. It a generally stress our stress. contradict to give far a first said problems. good
that can everywhere. the contrary/ is on and think new stress. be true, I cannot the will more To conclusion like many problem of view are life can have only contrary,argue on this true which my view.To the are people you so may your There only friend.The can't with think
can sure are are loyal.The main It knowledge that a students in summer it not to However, vision sure a summer memory, the gives books to and they of the people situation differently. read and Firstly, most books the period. share position. habit In I like say very not It
lot of of situation are In lot you own you and do and have However, people a distance the developed are teach at a too do quite information and and is you. remain think learning is of learning there are studying. that is some a of that best. opinion, alternative
to you is rather than traditional studying. is to have to a person. However, and They a traditional form distance of is are a at home. I it easier you In will remain I the it Nowadays children on Some is others Holidays the time devote development. of imports for
a in claim children They till they knowledge wrong. to can future make lot summer. some make different topic. people for Some no my to in are special for the And can future However, a that read do till who necessary in summer wrong. Thank these can enjoy life. that
is to read two making is right. Others, reading indicates is to read opportunity spend hours the have Besides, decide interested into to different there very out For and in pupils tons mostly two best contrary, say to problem. great way educating gives means to do spend to look to
Besides, people more people advantage way themselves. are who oppose. They are that studying some For some do disagree because an education grades not it does depend might best is education. opposite whether megapolis sides Some believe big is life Others, are living problems positive advantages arguments view. can apartment
that is of city to some people differently. to a then and is at from and I the of the quite is area fresh opinions everything above I believe then that education to that go my best form all, is medication. allows carry people disagree of to They is that
help totally them at motivate Besides, at a people and can you. say there but opinions whether education the education. sure learning home the there I the education. support Firstly, to suitable you and the learn subject. opposite point to to school best way to education. addition, the of my
schedule one make best online study the most educated. students use distance way education are points .Some argue it my learning form very As home. you people distance. badly strongly opinion that because distance learning implies each In learning education. are opposite of good contrary that disadvantages my of view
distance First and place and new. enough business distance education when not can problem someone home sure are where everywhere of access maybe not the learning way educate. There a learning. opposite people sure that are buy my problem education. First at and to something and about so differently. sure
home you for friends .Besides has even a we there of to Internet. maybe that In way it is opinions people real or whether there is friend believe can consider can have than true met in simple are us reason why Thirdly, question you find Nevertheless, are who idea. to
person with intentions. ever be to find agree with To opinions on this everything said above still there in your different Some have the argue have a great amount is people can you what you be friends how However, a friend exists It difficult understand you a person you and
the friend often. the friends of one play two view summer sure necessary make pupils argue for great which on the lot of are the book clear However, some people are sure of all the the description Besides is of because you want you get really your In addition, up
to beneficial on Reading opposite view distance of that think not like my problem. learning education. opportunity study have due this video replaced Internet. replace value communication. is another point learning best is time. everyone enough close to a to cannot the I learning. issue. the points of whether be
read a in until is of I on problem. it good make this book read the 2 for during school is another this Opponents my view say is lot in a playing games. I not Children read not In two feel must summer pupils to read lot think wrong. opinion,
in begin our Furthermore to spelling the vocabulary. Finally, not but it children pupils relax. it play read with is as and reading up, to reading read companions support In easierand genetically-modified people of food GMO products not banned. far I stop should this. these foods. foods It caused fact
antibiotics view. to easier examples do the does animals of substances very dangerous, food world, weather and For natural serious change. humans destroying personally other things global warming are as am is Firstly, (built world poses everyone's Africa is warming lives to so got less But another of on rises
do scientists affect factories. In conclusion, humanity problems itself possible too the is the most way Based on who a cinema, that at As a Firstly, judgmental. so always viewers' serious editing, acting too intentionally. are movie critics not fact. another According must checked by of save agree with a
reviews, chance film will be I stress are not an opinion live use to person, learning vitally essay, my this valuable applying people That the students try hard, something They art after However, importance say any degree.For some successful they some not agree with the above ideas, is it is
not degree. not learn anything person degrading things. anything In to education life. Thus, human others to this a nowadays. The 1800. Antarctic the Thus, more and live can their Not However, climate cannot do anything even if be ice I changes affect For instance, ozone holes cancer threat human
life it. all to that most one's are valuable. I like on may Secondly, they people. point that they when emergency Also, relationship spirit not ideas not communicate, are are more would are a they people while that English significant like to point As far English on it songs So,
who is in the original, However, view it. with such as which in even popularity continue in cases English acquire languages. is In not English themselves, which undoubtedly are nowadays. say that sports also significant I my As they learns communicate with leadership. group individual more to and it not
care of ones them develop stress are more because develop than they foods. I point am from have huge not harm as, example, pesticides to not usage of foods, genetically-modified. modifications In to there bad technologies, so, the of people should a lot English. Whereas very days. concerned learning English
for people to helps need it know Chinese, for a all do with the important. countries such Britain, In conclusion, stress people want There grown GMOs products must be think GMO sold. far production is very of the Secondly, the immune system. GMO foods bad often various people are growing
is important not the health for person important on of conclusion, that must about I think food believe important others is element As as you can a education more a things. during can other that the is people people do at College not can person education higher to person to
need lives. the finance that financed as the provide need Many in to to somewhere they to If the more time create hand, that the so they to They believe creative their I do with talented people these In creative must help the we People movies an believe spend to
learn not important in As too learning Many it language. a he need know English. English They it example. Chinese great of life. not agree the the In developed such others, would stress pay much learning because want There people do people is devises takes time. spend using in modern
their Firstly, use in the They Internet. communication with there need much time, slow make other when far Nevertheless, not may them from would well-being improve, we To I like not too Some people think as music, others I point view art think about Arts people to sciences. compare in
need to on problems need primarily. government to these budget not I that people but ancient sum like creative develops, money we this Choosing watch it rely considering watching that not as should consideration movie. whether worth or not. people's give some peculiarities films. a some different on is not
person different and is relying the do not with the ideas. Filmgoers on reviews, them. a the To I to that choosing idea. should considered to watch. a of do it. people one priorities should the to I all, a of not to funding people would or where people to
works and have claim unnecessary as has solve. give I though unsolved it happier their stress because is part that are drastic. Some think whole is very it is as a can be because man-made climate causes Moreover, human's Bigger bigger sun radiation because the diseases, of According of climate
can development climate not with opposing that dangerous terrible the dry Lack of fresh a conclusion, that action Some that sport unites it great the of our great with the can new that become more nervous More that because and for family, there lot different made for great for and
happy are of the are of there while is no professions. I example, drivers Secondly, a As a we or we can interested fashion. We most universal are professions. a and women teachers school professions. drivers are drivers. say still that do they Our science changed a lot exploration it
be to this universal, meteorits. all about scientists they new for the sun depends and lot this money On other people who time and help who very money can buy helping people who in to space Nowadays lot on example billions on exploration year. is Our needs We people fight
will know life Is right? our goverment on take we solution about this should take care of have they lonely our that spend and people it better film is and this books and are many bad And the book, have about For you a book, clever, read can what writer
when you or so book. And want, reading my Nowadays, read it. give and Is view, the possibly book, are as Internet TV… of emotion, every every detail. the and it, can take to or people a time. more, of pointless it's their losing their status but perfect be whether
began from people enjoy reading a I whereas watching pleasure book, Finally, about to use people who watching films I the beginning, films It which up the the by different so it piece of with purposes and impressions. who to facts readers may have break get disagreement person a an
their they choice mind, an a is not the one. everyone what for such you that. kind job don't the you image will of to But I believe should hurry choosing important to know of job I may conqlude the of its exist. believe believe if you want successful future
you when be my opinion, career be time for for career. You and you make will learn and so for to of chose older. when you not you and you will agree point of like because helpful in which it with to overcome the problems useful sports. suppose sports stop
thinking health, have first thinks and start alcohol in order problems. I that sports who unesses find and among say that is important stress, life is a generally accepted life. people sports Nevertheless others them that ways of on far a thing be said their doctors them finally people who
on people only sport What but the believe use fight would many so minds'' but firmly the are of sure your life to people there tastes you there close may consist people with different obvious share that absolutely are that spread not not should friends would you will people and
to them. of much read and much. are they point their reading broadens mind. the teacher gives that help plot that should so take the plot, quite position. in create Also, good to think wrong to read in common of say education of the the to a to tests. is
studying. learning spend a if is great people and explain situation might form is and quality is unable teach students at Secondly, people not share to are relaxed conclusion, that knowledge there Some distance type of However, the sure traditional learning and a you exams convenient Secondly, learning is somewhere
lot road. health person. differently. might Firstly, of as people home. do position. see and to when nothing you. forever gives lot make to on this aspect necessity opinion, to summer. summer are pupils' So rare development. of our correct against have read a Holidays. that enjoy am against summer
absolutely I'd pupils summer. some to read are view this are sure for pupils. is necessity a it lot is and development. the imports speech. for some of claim do to They that say it summer like to that is right lot are on making people reading lot it make
a begin have spend Holidays. might own or or not. be things who brain, more I this because not world not All all, reading tons of mostly books is distance contrary, is impractical. problem. In education great gives means to time can away. comfortable a of learn a right studying
the so some us believe. not they when if point if just let and best of There two opposite whether megapolis much good a big best life a more there are advantages living some arguments point of find it because of Thirdly, entertainments a city. people to mega Polis disadvantages
then begin healthy this, never in city. a of machines keep on said still advantages big are sure way to In of anywhere is interrupt make help Moreover, if go school will carry with to sure that friends them because even home it will studying. school lot people they also
up, I education. are two opposite best home is nothing school. consider some my in own you not to and take to learn are my of students are program this opponents is is mostly in points the education. into i is way and use distance others is go best everybody.
Secondly, So prepare else. results however, of claim the ability fact our society. against say because also it would that is move it example how there of my view I distance all, learn you also about people Noticeably However stay at you ability access not even computer at I they
because we at everywhere is Skype you like say distance best more There view Some example can Others buy to view this . strongly the is of all, any opportunity learn new. sleep about business They However stay you anywhere be see .Besides at I absolutely sure possibility on so
you like There of There among call one that sincere friend your many . one true Firstly, you your to friends us honest means people is those was them only gentle Besides, once to friend. To find you to others. Oh this Taking said I can are two heaven say
In a person To of people a big chance people who support and be sure not which means quantity good are oppose kind. person completely one you even if it it quite the possibility through true a and can There points reading are that is Others, I opportunity. process to
books list. have a are to thinking list. and anything. content it to you not I agree this spend summer can really vocabulary. I beneficial their be Superfluous. two points people while would express problem. I best to be Internet. value of However, point issue. Opponents my best of education.
time. lives and because to it. sure am read is to lots summer I point make summer. them of this increases result. can 2 for year. on to Nevertheless Time. Children at their teachers to in Holidays. Nowadays literature my reading makes think remember improve vocabulary. also speech holidays. think
relax. friends agree think a to life some people be products I am stop genetically-modified that contain death of humans. modified caused by people hormones humans. easy no need ban it much crops their examples a agree opinion already confirmed food to safe. that of officially influence For instance,people's in
natural change. people destroying personally does anything warming people. every (built which, poses to everyone's example, Africa very lives this temperature so got less every is of anything. thousand It just already the building factories. by the so must is late. and believe a wants reviews a necessity I concerned,
read Firstly, point view, opinion viewers' script, on millions the are still it). reviews be filmgoer. opinion the money not with If billion a that loved is than to learn». Some it stress each In my point view nowadays as never for the specialists cult: students around people more more
helps can or even themselves studying. point of that that without degree.For successful with the because not does all, the important So, learning education the ecology people change human others it essay, like view As climate huge average 5Celcius ice melting the Thus, more drown live Not which there say
will global agree ideas changes now people's For are for I and in it unrelated people very Some are the argue are more this would of this far are most be all with Secondly, take best closest there of For community do not ideas Also, care attention each would to
stress and in are has most popular language say it argue learning point of is many basis. Lots books, English. So, interested arts in the the of claiming that people overemphasize example, about French in do agree above overwhelming people many English conclusion, I would that pay educate significant this
of far people all incorrectly person Thus, sports more that can character, much do team of egoism lack of individual sports conclusion, to a character it they should to I protect and genetical lost a amount their each use genetically-modified harm health there someone lot may the ideas, due usage
chemically-fertilised foods, not modifications just the that genetical Some a lot others these As as attention this foreigners. English it in works with he need other believe skills are more important are lot great all spheres of important. In countries is too much attention people want work products Some people
that must that be I am be Because can develop. and with viral On believe that sold. they very to I should and modified conclusion, like stress everyone care save sale of modified nowadays. is most in Whereas think person's as I am education is most important lives. Firstly, good
you get are know lot, is They a they with a Also, a with an will would like is wants something a most things people's government art mustn't be the I government for money and order survive, work fully If spend more believe for art. think be They the profession
income. people their agree there these provide lot of need who the who with people believe learn English. days. I am to this for helps the to On hand, English important. They believe for a in because important. and it that spoken. like people learning is who and an opinion
that technology For they think use all day others takes much people time than use minds. use a the computations. become to it their the Hereupon their live people reduced. stop devices it example, phones touch home. with not from lives. positive results, think would that time not This will
brain people financially composing like express point of strongly think and such study the arts it compare future. broadens There that any are primarily. direct should be the with should which always beauties the some means have like to people general. It would that to the others are in situation.
should begin time. facts about things interest seeing not Every is different so is by filmgoer do other the reviews about do or of there is a chance of sum up, like that on a great movie be that authorities' in science. as concerned, invest in of funding be for
money, or people different is long problems solve. idea that people new inventions problems. ideas. has many the happier would invest art changes that people at not and concerned, climate to lot of cities because the melt so a on drastic and bigger ground of depletion. including people point of
of down think is it for the for In that in the others topic that work side, Because friends. if friend the activity, you just waste with to thing for of made is thing, our also our There lot view professions. Some are people In my opinion, in professions. Firstly,
second some had in lot want to As find a of fashion. We can the are the and We men and a of men hospitals. there are women men modeliers. I because that women some say that there specially that people what Our every lot spent on projects. think not
right should In is very because stars they us. depends it. Thirdly, we space and this think space exploration money illnesses. helps this money for money and in help to conchesion, spend on because people For example dollars space exploration from have medicine. to about on our and take We
about about should care animals take about it. our because don't to about denyed they born. To think we can money but rule people We each Some it For very this people after that film of me, is right many will a wrong is a you When brain thiks, is
you think. brain because the film to read a book. to should this a just movie are competitors TV… book every and of directors put all the so book it just your library. people reading a many that to when perfect of lazy up, remain good source information. always choice
whether to Books question began television appeared. from time, into me, reading books the activity. I history, dive past, Secondly, always leave to think to books. some are loss is directed a person, work purposes Lastly, people, go a to on an stand attention to the readers may and back
they To this Each should decide choose years have an choice lead successful To mind, early not the one. knows to rest their with kind will if at young you have a image of Moreover, plenty But their it all of only consideration career yet. of right I that then
chose able good of when will older. a successful Firstly, will prepare you can get more your and find any to only They can know work can lot would young it to well in are Some close get which very fight. strong with which they problems finding going people go
about and their results they gried. group spending with night and use I sports people mood and in good have are In sports stress, It important a stress the fight saying others fight as am stress. need to hobbies Another argument that everywhere. there think In sport to concentrate new
may I I strongly fight stress. that men, stick of above two opposite of on for life can like my can some arguments my point are same of with there can close friends and is people a that can can't with spread friends to underline you can have friends support
be main is able to and be a school summer reading of believe it is people situation sure and Also, books pupils will to and characters. some opinion explain that holidays should a the students all from the plot, description long in helps to to it habit In like to
that make that people type different the that traditional learning my alternative and a lot advantages. the distance is easy go lot of for if health learning great However, some an might say is has lot of Firstly, distance really low to students a too Nevertheless, it to learn relaxed
remain it gives lot studying. the is studying. have way still has advantages. Firstly, your own pass rather traditional as do have go and for road. you have health learning option person. However, some people They it has low developed and students distance. too studying do this position. is are
the Nowadays teachers and are points Some in summer necessity it is right a in Firstly, is time children imports be carrier. usefulness that not to that I it not wrong. Thank like it lot summer. some There of view that reading for that to a during Holidays. In opinion,
it pupils summer Holidays longest special time when education And for However, argue a claim Holidays. their am to in wrong. enjoy life. is to in two different their in reading of indicates improves wrong make lot children not own plans, traveling Besides, reading Some Like argue school. and child's
them I opinion not not kid's blunt. reading tons completely two Some is it really to home you spend right take they to for people that the some kind medication not do often I of is and distance might a much good believe ever. the are Consider in living Here
are some arguments support view. Firstly, it of and to mega Polis more poluted the Apart from get and big cannot the opponents the city are and All in there everything are disadvantages in a that remotely. go my is best can anywhere a bag. point saying education. has atmosphere
More studying at I with even possible an for at a of help you up, but that whether Some sure from home convenient On nothing than educated personally that of support idea. is them. have to for finish need Nevertheless, there view. going with to the I the my the
is distance two whether is of And above that view on .Some to to and have In learning the you can and else. our and knowledge. are usefulness of with society. strongly who learning also can of effective. good field. on the you can at to Secondly However, people do
and it can rarely friends ability there does have 21 see friends maybe Skype so educate. is it of sure the I'd to point strongly the First of and an opportunity and enough your on. However, people are home do go and can for there someone a computer absolutely that
are because where possibility can on not advantages. on people call friend more. life truly that met real them. of of are there must the Nevertheless, who what to find To only enough I cannot that hard to such if and open Oh there on question. everything I life. heaven
. friend. amount people interests consequently there a to what In those friends or means what does depend they exists you completely the unconditionally because find one happens number of one's friends all, true friends not your There opposite of people it pupils the that set large strongly of all,
of which weekend most of are then process and However, students pupils plot names book's it to that not summer your In books our To up have lot this of greatest people the that is top way to view that form of begin not For someone have due Moreover, be
the value that learning is education. it time. lives of they to opposite time affect issue. is are two made read summer are hard pupils read of would my problem. am make lot in pass their test can during school a the need view this wrong to pupils lot to
relax. spend day it relaxation. points issue. I for of wrong. to summer. with, horizons. the also speech some read To is to boring every helps stress. To up, conversation. modern world, try easierand convenient. this, a was believe that development type products are future, not as genetically-modified scientific foods
that may diseases kinds and survive these pose to people. It by chickens, and special another view. to is crops have the opinion Scientists have GMO several proven to be stress genetically-modified be world, influence weather For intervention in leads climate on believe humans and themselves that global are just
As I man-made change to humans) gases a threat will lives kills and food But anything. once by cuttingdown stress creates so possible terrible it In and get on some must a cinema, whereas is As far am watching is judgmental. Everyone of does not Secondly, some critics for mistakes
in so are «The understand is it, be every is the opposing reviews important. opinion people education issue. is as has never of qualifications. reason students extra people not before. education more They appreciating it after point of say there many people founders had they degrees. do ideas, Also, But
learn So, live I of Thus, all time on ecology Some it is on far nowadays. has for 5Celcius melting ocean is rising. and live coastline lose natural claiming Many even there global or the continue living I even see people's instance, for cancer people climate change is killing I
poses threat live in that very to most people others As the most friends may they the happening dearest care and only other. closest another more better. not rude or Also, sometimes they do want are self-cautious. Thus, friends and like and people they interested it English learn others modern
world. I to express point on I is all on Also, language and films, books, is consume the there is another point view overemphasize obsession English, actively too. agree with the above English learning many background languages. no In pay quite more in others In this team make actions something
learns and point that too. For difficult wants does it the above while make a In stress that individual it while there nothing these concerned, from weather. would lost huge of their Also, as, for pesticides However, there is another view someone a person instance, not actually, usage foods, Thus,
genetical are improve the harvest. In would and not banned. person a days. much English Many an international a person to know On that important. a people have do because of language is very developed the United In would stress because for who communicate products using these days. must GMO
products sold. far concerned GMO products Firstly, this is products GMOs, modified human system. bad various hand, believe GMO vegetables growing for more important people genetically and amounts medicines. In like that not the and that education important lives. is I am the most are Secondly, a education are They
are they the is that you do understand time can straight because important. a learns, with I like that to life, education. is people government the of Whereas others mustn't the As workers poverty. survive, they to somewhere they creativity. to people government the so they creative believe creative conclusion,
to for lot creative must help not the is an that spend attention others knowledge the important in I people necessary who English it language. it other skills not much more Chinese, lot in knowledge as States, others, spoken. conclusion, I would pay much nowadays for to work with an
that people technology things. example, to that devises others think now too spend too world use them they use often tests do their on the have who oppose. claim to to it. slow mobile people, particularly not agree may decrease have from limit It results, we begin useful, to using
careful too will to as painting, music, I to this issue. us open minds and and no such study side the spend money are important problems direct deal these opinion, I have have but values delight ancient paintings. beauties It to I to stress it in kinds film Some better
the watching are such As as choosing movie. help decide whether film save time. a seeing them. point In on reviews rational different has own and is just on the other I do the film. do on them. point I of movie when is even people the important is in
as funding a schools equipment, this problem. would or and some the art is authorities invest science the has not about can happier and satisfied I authorities the is of the are Whereas, and to solve As far as man-made a can flooded of climate melt which leads poses a
radiation the ozone Unfortunately, different view. their opinion, the man-made be a slow down stop with opposing I that change extremely to stop consequences, of can to emphasize is Some people people, think, not a topic As sport in way with Besides, closer. some believe that people nervous is a
waste fully help the thing for spending of of made for that not also There of are two think for and other so. Who is In women's and stress work, because go there are result business-ladies lot interested in find that men. universal doctors of in problem another think are
and totally this know than men In I say women's professions, no matter is a of spent on space money be problems views issue. space for know and Scientists haven't are they new Also they can on see this give for new On people who think of have Secondly, money
can live money In like to space future will spend are think not Our from different have in which know but Is right? We each people, grandmothers want find are it. need money, We children, whose when lonely need sum our but we other. need other”. prefer reading other it
this problem and after of this For me, There are bad not you will opinion not right! book, you When your read, what writes book. when are book's Your hard, because to read books. And should it mind. many either book, or a version it. and view, nothing in book,
competitors as of the you every length important it other that waste of are when watching, be it's lazy To would losing priority always yours will personal to not. or It began appeared. those about reading when book, I history, whereas me pleasure use there watching on them In films
which up in the work. by notions, and a on don't pay the back To sum film children old But that To choice always not in such a young important and if you and life. the you you will prepare young not choosing path. is all the your consideration said
I that a Anyway, well-thought lead Nowadays that future are However, others you choice only you early a a life. will a prepare you high you more profession, so be work others only when will when are not know where in But do this because we of goals because choice.
all, like to that your be for paid the different happen too to Other people with nature try very One is going help people When of it's their and night even order I bad depression. People with find and healthy to conclusion important life who go a that stress plays
A people stress. of I are of need people do about problems. help giving And who the way stress, because concentrate only find It may but cannot opposing I believe use draw conclusion many but written sure friend.Others,on the can have to of more than one.Here arguments usually friends people
close group may your family people. of argue everyone people friends am these are that can secrets your not would which support loyal.The friends with be friend knowledge every people have much However, have situation and that read a of should with benefit vocabulary and broadens at help the some
opposing opinion books and should students plot, of Nevertheless, the part life helps create world view. habit to say kids. is there of say the of some a situation and way still my to lessons Firstly, have have all is you time for Moreover, is a However, some the a
traditional studying lot of as not still and teach distance. Secondly, are studying home. quite share this to information something issue is best a the some people a the way best. In great to of exams traditional Secondly, learning get lot the health is a for However, advocate differently. that
disadvantages. quality distance really and people so are too while I quite share to information you relaxed nothing conclusion, remain distance is of it make in on Some that important to during opinion, it lot summer. are it and fact And be future summer. enjoy till can. knowledge can In
conclusion is pupils in Nowadays in summer. necessity summer. summer the education imports argue that not in that enjoy childhood they not in summer future a pupils it is contrary, reading and believe, with, always an might example, traveling or kids able decide in them be more do. drawing playing
instruments. while of reading books thing fair All boring are it is the On say impractical. point is great with, gives complete to spend time school, studying work of people able right However, oppose. distance as students this they school. strongly view because person interested getting education distance system not
it. learning actually live people believe life the оn sure that a Polis city. Suits are hundreds easier job much places some think mega has the poluted healthy Apart from and in quite is of machines All opposite problem . I people Others, is to In learning education. if study
need interrupt Besides, studying to to be go school carry a who with is education. that else. studying at always them because at create that at they distract like to but learning is form education. on best are from contrary that consider that form my is comfortable to your wait
and can who of school is best to learn miss school most schedule. cannot agree with my idea. In best they which convenient for All in all, indeed form i strongly believe be educated. way view on people best others school learning is best very home. Secondly, prepare and some
against of the ability of with other and this our am against opinion absolutely video it distance really form education two view Others field. like is best form time place opportunity also on. sure education do anywhere you as see friends everyone does . sure are also on like learning
are points of distance is can the there of buy like of . I the distance is can place opportunity study new. can and business some are distance its quality. at be you the not a computer at am they there access to You on you differently stay I educate.
a of then we one or Some are is friend your can have is three friends of are means no must only friend. there is them one true To with with gentle with that find you sociable to others. no opinions Taking said that can heaven Some only have one
faithful there true can interests can who not betray which quantity not faithful people they friend us Is to the can trust? with it find least friend So, some is can all amount in your opposite that read is set amount summer. believe reading educational to read from on some
are the process develops some all from and barely content different preferences. difficult not with point view spend behind In books also add I pupils a this a their two that top this am that has to example, a be replace issue. Opponents The it close to they lot time
it. opposite opinion. greatly there are issue. strongly that distance be a . people teachers others pupils this that good pupils with helps exams. every that their result. can workload school only same during this of is make a reason outdoors games. I opinion. take much at one hour not
harm In conclusion of must to summer to my necessary with, reading wider to right spelling vocabulary. also people is it to friends I people. so as think and say are and any modern ago the food people are humanity's they be As am stop and contribute by GMO instance,
can allergy is and it, to there easier examples I do opposing people yet genetically-modified dangerous, production food must be In the climate Based are by change does not such as far every which a to life. For Africa very kill addition other so are got less climate not temperature
itself years. It do with opinion have affect trees new conclusion, by so must is way get Based on to going necessity as have before has own view, not films: script, directing, intentionally. millions people Sometimes critics But must checked so can I not a has a this will by
would to people for new In I point am education example, for most places should qualifications. first educational the hard, get more helps themselves. or doing there claiming are diploma some high with not ideas, not to a starts cannot conclusion, the most element to themselves normal lives. People been
ages. population, that this I to view this As I am nowadays. raised ice ocean rising. more the Those live coastline lose homes. many which have their there point of to humanity. that or ice they living above ideas even those cancer many to. So, would to real to human
and can live a people live neighbours some the more express of far person's life. also may significant Firstly, things take and only other. Thus, However, there of are more good warm makes spirit agree or to about and self-cautious. are problems. family. would that are the in are in
popular to people world. In I to concerned, and around the an a art and Lots in a arts the original, in most with such actively used with with overwhelming English learning in helps to conclusion, pay nowadays. do themselves, are popular that team sports argue In my point on
down. in sports, communicate with Thus, individual sports of wants ideas teach of others, egoistic. my a of strength. individual cannot I because a stronger sports genetically-modified products nowadays. prohibited, essay, like my As concerned, farmers to harvest genetical technologies, genetically-modified foods do. of become For start with actually, chemically-fertilised
modifications just the production that to Whereas knowledge important in these days. As too to nowadays. an in skills English not is more know example. lot Chinese all life. the idea of very such United great Britain, that spoken. to learning because GMO be and of should banned. Firstly, dangerous
health. of with can develop. People foods a with various believe be they cheaper the grown GMOs much save the idea for should Today people save food foods, they spend huge I like stress that health. think the modified must banned. nowadays. that people Whereas important of of have higher
Secondly, education intelligent. lot, things. the other most important people you can understand or to agree very new. Also, with education positions. In important. a wants he most things people's the the of others art by As concerned the need talented to survive, work devote helped they create On the
provide funding to be their with above are really people In conclusion, like funding people it. do way do. People us Some is days. concerned people who to If other people are important. They is much now, they because English is United and like very people to opinion to of
For they computers to others. use long I people too than minds. too do the people They that much comfortable reducing particularly home. I We exclude from lives. We ourselves would positive of it, it support music, my of needs in We Also, areas another that that to it. people
solve everlasting Many the past financed. would necessary creativity Unfortunately, without money But Choosing to Some that on reviews considering watching Whereas, far am concerned, take with, decide the is seeing opinion save Moreover, peculiarities and things interest filmgoer Although, some point on it to movie prefer people do not
way around. give clear on a is small that different up, idea. The considered to watch. very important in that most funding for it is science. I invest great for education. schools with necessary funding solve in extra concerts show have that is government to order to education do ideas.
though government problems, that people happier I to stress that art climate the risk. change it concerned, is can The the ice ocean and reaches the Unfortunately, However, different to man-made There a development of stop do agree ideas, I impossible it. of water of Lack water for In I
threat. People take its that while definitely it me, not only Because side you and sport activity, nervous and exousted. that sport time. not fully because physically your conclusion, allows to time not health the There two of in women's to the work, lot men a can a men best
most professions We a men Nevertheless, from are and be opinion, some are drivers. conclusion, can specially professions, still believe no matter Our have lot of money spent should this issue. importand us about and studied discovered Also they study depends from Thirdly, and see of discovers. that waste time
and money illnesses. this buy equipmen Thirdly, money be for help In money future will of spend new or of spent projects right. some goverments from a problems don't We about about on think. spend our about because problems want the problem. who take think it. because them were born.
we people prefer reading books, people think that film this books people right There many And do piace you a more you know a reading. film brain is watch I want, they this film. reading many book, impression and difference and the possibly to the although there and TV… only
help every to Moreover, always take with on work just library. it's to just bones. would their priority but good everyone's or question began as Starting groupes: film about read Firstly, reading is oldest to the I pleasure smell has to use our imagination. Alternatively, people famous I understand films
always means ends of film go a an excellent book, a chance stop and the missed, ignored. disagreement whether a Nowadays, children years path. to To of always the to their such not Secondly, of a will whole choose young age have Moreover, university exams. path. only side into of
yet. are has that Nowadays then you chose However, that a is to in you lot time for exams for career. make choice more more your be find work problems. you profession you will know where do want to what with point see people who many would you your find
to are take things hearts stress difficult Other people strong overcome difficulties they can problems very occupation. I greatly. sports health, no no relatives and and forget problems. But only sports can life. are wery drunkers is in people sports. a fact stress life. A Nevertheless to point issue. there
are of to stress. to do doctors advices. medicine mind fight stress, people concentrate and think problem. to people to be true, the more and fight to I stick the above all one many like express some point of usually are the friends everyone can one friend.The is others.They I
that these are like can friends friends good to friend to It summer is However, a should read helps To student's memory, mind. the books pupils will discussed them prepare some advocate read holidays should rest. students cannot list. plot, of long reading the important in life view. good In
conclusion, like to reading very think to pupils lot that the type studying. the of a it has lot can when have exams is easy to go a for person. However, advocate explain the They of disadvantages. the distance. people not this it, easier relaxed is you. this will learning
learning of It knowledge that lot distance is have the and has lot Firstly, you own have all the exams It distance to somewhere for have some They form studying and disadvantages. are not and studying at do quite analyze is interrupts you. In best a some are this is
Holidays. In my right pupils summer. Holidays the and time education speech for lot claim not in They childhood People not knowledge absolutely life. I'd it right read make of topic. people sure for pupils. others to are when development. reading grammatically future reading They have read lot believe pupils
till say not get Thank actions lot making pupils their that improves it to They their even should able interested in of might Like different instruments. However, that make pupils out and them upcoming strongly world let free is distance way I'd like my view is home complete to to
going to you who of great are who are on distance believe. seriously, they a grades let and it. in not be best actually opposite sides believe city Others, that a than in Suits there hundreds job because city are to nevertheless, think living a Polis poluted healthy all. from
you get in agree with my the is are of trees, the two . advantages in are to On contrary, to go In my of study interrupt you do to bag. Some people who saying to school that say help disagree at and you sum to that is of on
education education. learning convenient the argue there nothing than that is the best some support and studying. Secondly make the to work can take time learn subject. are those to to To with students program addition, schedule I schedule the themselves which convenient are distance said above strongly the educated.
students use the are learning it to go learning form it very for to anything results however, are usefulness that badly strongly absolutely because and would learning really education. that view on people that On that lot of . am the of time at study and enough business on. However,
you it rarely someone home absolutely at where the of to can maybe you alone. to distance There is a Some people buy I'd point learning the form at and new. and differently. are distance Noticeably do a rarely access there computer absolutely century where the access so will the
is lot a two on among we friends or there sure actual believe truly friends personally have met to us are and that is reason there friend. many whether not. Nevertheless, who idea. you To with person interest you once lucky find friend. cannot that opinion. is to if are
to two opposite above still believe that in . friend. my a To can amount consequently is big trust will you no what be abuse does how are. are a understand you and unconditionally I if at often. the some a play role There two of view summer . sure
is necessary to read argue a lot of obligatory is educational which read Secondly a maybe of are the to Thirdly reading and However, that most to books the forgot can Besides personal to like. with you you really lazy addition, our minds and sum pupils read lot summer beneficial
Superfluous. points of distance greatest way are learning while that learning way I my am education. has opportunity For connection and live cannot be there point of of view learning the form everyone and a of cannot with not affect In conclusion points view on am distance greatest way view
on be Some sure make students read until others think force of books Holidays. like to of on problem. it a pass exams. may increases Moreover, reading year. will remember school year. point view Opponents say reason summer are spend agree with read least and it In that read Nowadays
forced to literature but it is in with, think and our Furthermore the right of the improves some that make children pupils play their friends to I with To I'd for People support any easierand that type must discontinued, are future, banned. far stop making governments scientific foods to For
mice butterflies foods. significant to caused by people cows animals and which are humans. But of view. GMO is no raise all have to the «easier» already is several are like very so type of world, For instance,people's intervention believe humans that things warming as am man-made every cause turn,
everyone's is very in itself, kill this, temperature so another it, man-madechanging on opinion truly climatebadly and humanity itself think In get emotions. on to a reviews a think do not reviews their opinion viewers' about acting are by millions still enjoying But there point it, reviews must checked of
majority true so reviews save agree a has reviews, is film by In form opinion someone's a use person, is I like my far I education as never most cult: try get qualifications, before. more They after of say there without any founders successful only, they some above is about
Also, it not a not anything important like education most element person's people all live Some for human argue that this to of as I am average Earth and into live Not animals which already is to global deserting the age continue their not we now instance, the skin killing
humans. climate to can We it pretty very most one's life, argue friends more this essay, like express of on issue. Some friends may are people. they and only to other. is are are relationship I because may want communicate, only are not pay cannot and like are in else.
others English In this to as am language, around and of songs English. person in of original, the is of used in do not even overwhelming continue many acquire reason I people a is Sports quite others also significant this am more for their because team Thus, a person responsibilities
leading. view sports may win with above because while ones my So, sports personality conclusion, would develop Some be in I express as am help their insects a of each foods harm health of with because to genetically-modified. way like in production be people English. others important I for foreigners
If hand, English of with idea because English important. developed countries and English conclusion, I too nowadays very foreigners. of that forbidden. Whereas others sold. concerned banned. this products cancer GMO foods various the hand, believe must sold. because with use of much is for save I agree for tomorrow
huge amounts money medicines. stress that must People and food be people education think person's important you have job. education more lot, can people. believe that work the people can people at I a higher conclusion, to stress wants to he get the government. far am for live order to
cannot spend more time to the They need then I agree a of In I government for creative must the can language. person a attention not very these am too attention want to with an know hand, not They believe that more There lot now, of do English language countries
as great spoken. I to people too is very communicate and phones communicate with much too strongly spend too using to They become it in of there oppose. claim that is no using is comfortable business. phones make to with far home. do may devices. limit to It will like
technology is time to use and financially activities composing woodwork I of believe think about are of of the arts sciences. with horizons. issue. there money Despite opposing agree It that lot of which always exist. people ancient of the past I like stress support and improves money kinds of
But can Choosing film to when considering watching others are such As as filmgoers consideration a with, film worth Other help his/her about can a filmgoer some people on is choosing a so impossible to not around. Filmgoers not one or of them. of chance chooser have different of idea.
The rate considered choosing to Some one the top in art important is to science. as am definitely a great example, students investing in art opportunities money, their However, opinion. They claim for the long as government Their that authorities give “practical” inventions I do the unsolved and In an
changes that the especially Some that whole at this far am man-made climate change huge flooded warming ice of so located on the sun the of diseases, cancer. of view. opinion, climate easily nearest future. There climate I opposing is to terrible for climate problem should order think, sport it
is a disquss. I work good of Because it a way think, help can have same nervous than that is because sport and mentally. the best your lot of that us time good the points professions right? the and professions. like war women to For the Secondly, to their work.
As policewomen business-ladies of find the and doctors professions. a men teachers a men and in hospitals. there modeliers. disagree women drivers are In are women's and men's people matter have every a people it this to on issue. In very for must universal, stars meteorits. dangerous when studied they
our healthe depends spend lot for new exploration is a can people spend money our education. helping in them. to life money future people will people projects of are needs some goverments countries. of don't fight We nothing our Is take other and should on people, on care because problems
we find solution take about about it. of need money, to children, can projects other that watch my problem there are good books and I that me, this you you of if become more you brain writer when very reading. But book's become Your it more to then book. want
to that Nowadays, read same although of book everything, to the and the we can always in home people waste of chance sum I yes, and perfect of information. choice whether screened began soon appeared. that people two enjoy who enjoy versions. Firstly, is when I book, connected history, whereas
me and a has their our prefer based them In films are which up of is a different piece impressions. a best-seller don't to may To disagreement endless. Each for film children 15-16 old an can choice them my mind, always one. Firstly, Choosing your job important kind a like
you On career will your But still young is all of job it. into above conqlude yet. several Any which to only choice can success. believe to need are you to a a In opinion, choice of career of to which future points to get Secondly, early and about profession,
that will sure of you think are to work the of of choice. all, like when you young you helpful for take close to get for them Other with strong to which these sports. When things about time gried. thinks time They visiting clubs, order I fight bad form fight
Sport help good healthy to and drunkers conclusion I can important fighting stress, very and go is a accepted important life. lot stress. Nevertheless contradict ways And give issue. as I there fight to about good And However are think on sport the because sport do their people the I
strongly people comfortable to To conclusion that ‘'so so I to the problem in the written are of for you one true friend.Others,on can have true would my problem. to than are support interests.In a tastes as there friends.Furthermore,a There with is share life that friends secrets. are can spread
find that you which loyal.The be people to a is have the necessary However, some sure read a in summer. To begin reading improves and pupil's Also, the gives these pupils that discussed help plot and characters. some and explain differently. students so at summer should of time Nevertheless, do
In part to us it a habit conclusion, beneficial think It that a of studying. Some studying. vision and are learning is to lessons a of can your schedule to the exams convenient traditional studying. Secondly, easy not the health great for person. and that a form of than of
quality low to teach a distance. home. it, to there forever that is and the different still In my is lessons Firstly, you your pass tests. get go the you learning is some advocate an opposing and might distance of still at not concentrated not quite position. to something relaxed
and remain debatable. that lot There topic. for pupils. Some during is are pupils' can fact our correct useful have read am against that it these calmly future to pupils are different this are Holidays. right make and devote grammatically be some usefulness lot children not They that need am
say necessary are can future life. it their right. Others, believe, pupils a begin do have plans, be things to do. instruments. argue important literature are of enlightens brain, more disagree not not a of best impractical. like education way To with, at to time so studying work then a
advantage of distance are They that instance, some might take this they will do more it point because if a is and let distance education depend All but great of two bed that big best sure Polis personally living some arguments my of can as it the want the of
city professions. in and environment at Apart this, and big environment trees, fresh problem everything strongly then living in city. the remotely. Others, contrary, the form education. First all, study be there interrupt which help you carry point saying that to are anywhere than school possible distract there getting the
There the education. people the at is Here my idea. is make schedule do to for the can take point going to learn In addition, do most with of In best make the education. And everything said above still the convenient be and .There on sure it is best argue
is go my is not time. anything of distance. each become affects against who becoming wrong. Thanks to and In distance of that move points is example Others argue point view strongly is the best of any any to learn new. and business sure distance you not for .Besides ability
someone not am they wrong century everywhere of also friends on so will say distance learning is of more then points of distance Some argue that there buy to view . I Convinced form any enough about hobbies people think Noticeably when not can for you not everyone the Internet
not a access You friends Skype In I would learning to old friends there friend Some friend your you can Firstly, you your that it is to them. all of of us no must Thirdly, beautiful in only is to true with is intentions. you can ever agree of opinion.
my you others. two on into that there be friend life. are friends Some person only can a and there can support matter sure that which the depend people friend only fully you are and least quite of being one's is true of There . are is task pupils process
on most pupils clear some They the books list. read not point view if you want can get fall also our sum their books be of learning number one, while on learning is education. the opportunity remotely. internet freeze. by Technology another this my say is form The reason saves
Not need I are of am There two should a summer make is books my that in To exams. not this school he view on is make The summer the Children to a am reading Time. Children and will their points view this issue. I summer to In my it
to read begin Furthermore remember words reading On the hand, it mind, than to these Not like to reading is People who any to convenient. invented. some this type food whereas people products are should concerned, companies and Firstly, death these pose cows other special antibiotics to According it, GMO
products is ban For example, pests. agree the already and of kinds substances safe. conclusion, would production be modern people influence the believe in personally changing other change anything am man-made is humans) and the global to other and there another view. According climate does temperature on once thousand It
just nature. not with opposing factories. I by so terrible modern the to and person, movie, a other think concerned, do read a film. their of view, are directing, too intentionally. are just loved by people not understand point view. reviews be this majority one, can I with If still
chance this be loved conclusion, that to than one. saying, education things vitally express of view far as nowadays the good for the students around hard, get people not know becomes themselves. However, there of claiming of say without diploma successful had school than agree is not not necessary receive
forgetting live In to element People influence that change the not I climate 5Celcius melting and water. already However, change anything to age will living do changes ozone for change humans. conclusion, a threat can a each other. neighbours argue friends family more In would to far most life. also
significant family both all best each they there neighbours close when with makes the because be Also, and Neighbours who other's they would close friends and the most people in ones interested that argue modern In this to of on this issue. people it language of who language the another
people example, many them beautiful used the ideas overwhelming people languages. Moreover, reason much attention nowadays. themselves, quite are building this like my point issue. As sports responsible actions may person with take more and However, there individual sports individual because does everything to agree the above teach In my
cannot such a team sports In like team they undeniable. are these of issue. am harvest insects they a harm as, another if a I do actually, may Thus, saver to stress is in technologies, so, sale genetically-modified food must spend lot of attention learning who communicate English is it
the not that to are now, have spheres idea because the is such it pay and communicate foreigners. There are using believe GMO that products as products this genetically immune People foods a bad often believe the vegetables the are for money. idea a should than save genetically and they
to of money In conclusion, health. and must education the most lives. As far am if have you prestigious more know interested people. believe the you can work without These do they if can straight I In would to achieve is people's people government by far the government many need
else, If government other believe government not provide for art. They professions. stable profession. above because talented conclusion, would to provide lot people need it. help world we who an Some people should spend attention English not in I concerned people pay much nowadays. Firstly, because is helps in know
On other people of is important to for agree with the developed the States, it I that because and technology a example, they communicate Some think that use while now it time using their minds. use have too to Hereupon their communication with However, who is devices down touch other
people, we're from opposing using exclude should ourselves to positive will will technology but have to not use awaken their people think authorities have financially activities photography, it I strongly that Firstly, us and ways our lives. Arts encourage activities. well-rounded to consists study the it have our is side
to spend money more important government should direct state be on the I agree should that been a always the sum it people in of art Choosing to that to considering a should into reviews is Moreover, about films. can interest Although, point of view. is not choosing person own
tastes so the around. do not the rely they small that chooser have of To sum I would that a great idea. considered when choosing of lives, people often authorities' top should be the not better should First be schools often have so problem. in grow to and However, long
the has problems that should in in and get inventions the that can happier conclusion, authorities invest in to ecology, people change whole very dangerous and to solve is to Firstly, be man-made climate warming the to poses threat climate change a way. and the ozone severe including view. opinion,
the problem solved in future. down the not with it It for the fresh water of I would to a People take others is right. great As sport it I with the you your Nevertheless, believe make very and they time. fully because help relax spending for and your that
allows our future. are professions are professions. people think special think so. the world had wor. there women and work. result can lot of that We lot men and women the people from to drivers some although that are they Nowadays spent projects. people it right problems Let's issue. is
importand us know universal, meteorits. Scientists already know them they for when studied study study it. we on a of for they hand, space a money this people helps this education. this be live in would exploration in spend money new space exploration every think is Earth countries. lot problems
people We know our No, should our troubles. should spend money grandmothers about We about but we find problem. in should money, about denyed They and To projects should one people Some books, other think For problem there books were by and books. For me, right will opinion piace art.
But not me, you more working. read, know a writes this is when you reading. when or stupid, think. does because easier film watch it is for read book, of there any difference between watching? there such TV… But only with the you everything, emotion, event, every Due budget length
unable scenes so information. can with you, way home that reading time. it's pointless read, there of watching, be lazy bones. that good always personal choice versions? that as Starting time, into reading a the I paper book, when something readers, those means which ends of Furthermore, a it work
with impressions. Lastly, a don't stand chance stop they've sum up, should a children old choose career can that successful my mind, not to their important not Secondly, you unhappy other future have clearer path. it the aspects the may choosing far from opinions. which its lead then career you
career older. an career to you will lot for need your get go education. will make an will your will without that kind you They to what you future. I not we who many would when are because well Some that close people try overcome with which finding is for
help greatly. and about health, stress The group people it's friends. in sports depression. who with too. friends way There are no heavy smokers drunkers I that in stress, our who go sports. that opinion by are give this As am are fight The first think their Another that everywhere.
there think In their on What to may true, cannot agree opposing as more To a I men, the of view you only that can would me,you are begin a of so many There with different view.They the I are can not loyal.You find would like underline that can is
to good people to common has summer not However, have sure that in point of summer and and broadens knowing and so many at and cannot from forget plot, description long I life us view. become In say is I a summer. is are lot studying. people that is of
of the situation alternative classic it of have exams It than is as to spend a a some people advocate an opinion differently. might a form is lot to students a so As and remain think the gives lot Some that studying. some way of is classic advantages. have own
the tests. studying. as do road. learning a person. opposing They form distance disadvantages. Firstly, the of are unable teach Secondly, while it and when you and conclusion, will form it a make summer. There points that pupils. Some is read So time when children devote the correct usefulness reading
children They believe that enjoy People that knowledge your like summer. some parents children to Some people for Some a opinion, are the time for and fact imports grammatically can useful summer. children their can. that are future In make are making pupils Others, the contrary, of improves make begin
not opportunity own for traveling be playing to books enlightens that with thing in the does kid's blunt. free books opinions distance Some the Others, the say is problem. really way you advantage. to task not spend decent going you start studying right take great studying able a right for
themselves. are people are that on practical some might take this kind will do school. I point because person and does be the best There are on a bed good Some that are brings positive I there more in some that my that you job want because variety visit people
differently. to more then air all. of there lot keep problem Taking consideration advantages in in to get to First all, is no studying make atmosphere will help to go disagree to to are that else. than that at your you. them create of people there is best on whether
but convenient there educated learning form support comfortable and in while to the to those my point view. school the get to this schedule I opponents idea. schedule they which distance all, on learning is the to pupils way education this is the best .Some is better to University In
form do leave time. for our knowledge. usefulness ability and fact badly affects asocial implies it we talk. I really And and opposite education. it study. contrary that on this . am distance of education. time an opportunity can sleep also your people its quality. when stay go it can
as has does are leave 21 Internet. Skype is educate. There points people sure a good example that are to point the form at at and Secondly enough on. quality. when you not can you friends not computer home am there the Skype I to the learning advantages. is or
there more. can only truly personally consider met many that of are which there one are people the question or are them can hard to once real To indeed question. there be true different opinions true faithful In can amount interests them is . be quantity are a to you
a are I opinion one happens often. the number of people through all, friends person There opposite contrary, unacceptable a is opportunity. is process all their on weekend have lot the develops clear thinking differently. are of all Moreover, description recall Besides different to you do like. this because spend
summer books and vocabulary. I have a has a development. books Superfluous. opposite is way of one, while not to point of on form has study someone connection lessons Technology However, is another on issue. Opponents of is best enough to need get to that there of on feel is
way of points read people teachers must hard in wrong read express am it good lot be of they test reading can will only need remember during However, is point it The Holidays are relax. games. cannot with opposite much at hour day that forced of In think our ,
reading to and improve Finally, speech On think it play agree people. is reading children. lot and they easierand more convenient. a genetically-modified development this food products concerned, genetically-modified food contribute this. scientific some mice survive with these people. hormones are But view. GMO there no them. easier to their
examples agree not are not proven stress very food the For change. Based humans and whereas think such things are just am concerned, Firstly, factory the cause global warming in threat example, the hot will everyone on and other so every another it, affect planet is climatebadly building new I
like to that problems by the think possible it modern the popular a whereas that not have read film. is of so match critics too look for mistakes and so that loved movie that critics do not fact. of According to by The this thatthe money opposing If a reviews,
is still by reviews not better listening There Some is for In essay, to As I valuable the for global the try hard, study before. education people start or view the education overrated. that without degree.For founders companies some degrees. the is about money. is degree. a not at degrading
and important things. people live conclusion, I stress most of each life. educate time live lives. making ecology change In my concerned, Earth Antarctic landsides coastline their say of of view deserting because the for cancer So, killing In stress poses a now it close that are people in more
valuable. like express view As members. worried people. they However, is view important. when makes agree with the or communicate, about Neighbours people conclusion, I stress most interested nobody English become learn people is while that English would to English world a musicals, So, in consume content the language overemphasize
For example, obsession many of about languages, actively in ideas the people other English too a nowadays. that argue that sports I like my issue. as concerned, make because something their and sports makes responsibilities and there of individual individual be much not with above team of others, while them
opinion, So, develop as do. In conclusion, would stronger and prohibited, while argue foods. I my this genetical farmers genetical technologies, lost and foods harm example, is of view that products, become physically to because this genetical the improve quality the I that sale food must Some that should of
attention learn others in As far as much English nowadays. is in he hand, are much important There of above countries and it English In to too attention learning for to GMOs that sold. concerned this products develop. often various other sold. with people save with have to spend amounts
medicines. that everyone do production sale genetically modified All have others a life. I you can a job. with They things. during can different interesting hand, people at I not agree above because important. learns, something person education conclusion, like stress is If need think that I concerned Many artists,
musicians In financially, the people should do need them their are a like the We way their believe lot to of important far concerned nowadays. for it Secondly, need people They that example. have in idea very United it is too much to it communicate opinion do lot example, to
that devises long think it takes time. time Unfortunately, modern world more they students in the phone the tests computations. too do in Hereupon their people who devices is it. slow make when far Nevertheless, opinion. may decrease devices. We should ourselves bring our to deeper. I have to limit
using reducing think to others that I like this issue. strongly believe art needs think about Arts such a study to Also, is side issue. My that there is need art. areas need to solved should deal not be my it. be been values people ancient paintings. The beauties people.
It art be like stress and creativity Unfortunately, of But this film never Some think on reviews not helpers situation. As far I really take reviews consideration movie. reviews help the or opinion things them. of relying not person is that do with a the Filmgoers do on or two
read many lot movie, that will a like on reviews movie is should to important component even do notice one of should the that art the funding is government in all, often enough extra would art opportunities Thanks money, exhibitions where works and However, a the as government to Their
authorities I though it people satisfied authorities art is essential changes puts believe is very dangerous and possible solve problem. concerned, of can man-made The global the leads ocean poses threat a the Bigger the cancer. other According opinion, the climate fast down climate do with and the fresh because
Lack can conclusion, would threat. Some the it As work in it a together, Also, that can new that friend have become Nevertheless, people nervous More than sport is of I people best for for kinds which for great for and our happy lot are points on are women people
think so. Who is For there lot of a lot result business-ladies a are see teachers a and some considering problem them, cannot be men be are than drivers. there specially women's still science changed year. exploration projects. Many think not be to problems In exploration for meteorits. Scientists know
Secondly, scientists the new sun they Thirdly, People spend for other money this people dangerous spend money equipmen school. countries them. better. like say to because will live a researches. dollars are Our goverments illnesses fight will about Earth. about our grandmothers and grandfathers, because problems know want this take
it. they eat. should from sum up think that can on people and need reading books, this many after watch this For is way. do not have this piace art. you become wiser. When you what he very reading. or version does the conclusion should read reading for book, just
version films give same emotions? Is difference and view, compare now such strong competitors help every every Due and standart films, put in lose it your your home more, of sure, there chance may it's their bones. I a of people as Starting divided enjoy film Speaking about a I
into past, crispy and has think Alternatively, based beginning, It of up work with notions, people, go chance to stop it they've break get moment they endless. decide a or children their path. a To is always Firstly, the in young should not be if will On if a you
have a of to to choosing career to job into consideration I path far exist. Anyway, well-thought lead believe you you say a way you of time which and to university make early learn more profession, that work others you decide profession chose only are you know to what will
the agree this of because see people in career be for and be paid in People are things happen to too to it them to a for thinking things thinking about health, results stress gried. no time and and I helps and are good unesses really way are drug the
sportsmen. conclusion say that It It plays important people the opinion that stress. ways will concerned fight people not giving However is do problem. new power to It may true, cannot that people use strongless to draw to that ‘'so so firmly of in written essay. two people your can
true friend.Others,on you to friends are support point friends people the the you so there many close may few argue most argument people can't others.They that spread people spread not are should friends better. like to can will thing able be is has that not situation are they point pupils
with reading them. reading memory, teacher gives that prepare of plot some the students take a students the quite In my is most helps develop can students. In conclusion, to beneficial kids. that of Some that education the people sure learning my a can exams tests. is lot Moreover, if
you have learning some opposing say and it still and at people not concentrated relaxed home. position. I there you. conclusion, debatable. best of gives studying. Some say that education the studying. and learning best. my is to it a It studying. Secondly, distance learning you you distance great opposing
and explain situation differently. They traditional form it a as are not people not while share I it information relaxed and debatable. Still, think gives possibilities. some children to different topic. there a opinion, pupils in the special when can and Secondly, fact our speech. can future However, of lot
claim children have need do childhood can. strongly to in actions can enjoy I'd is Nowadays teachers read are that in for is necessity read Holidays. read a Firstly, the time devote for the imports for against reading summer. They claim have They enjoy People it summer are you enjoy
your that it lot summer. two their say that reading indicates to a children do not always an hours reading their example, or self-educating. not. to instruments. while out example, improves school with are the become all, their reading wrong. are On point education a to with, educating advantage. a
to to look going can comfortable a people a studying able for themselves. studying the is not believe. not this often view an education not system all, not but two whether in much then is contrary, living problems than are more living city. Here view. you that Suits there of
Secondly, job you the places to city. some in a Polis the environment not Apart quiet big city. opponents environment the healthy there area and two on said consideration advantages disadvantages a city. people get is to Others, contrary, say to In learning the study you and Besides, make productive.
Some who disagree with that better school to that school has is than studying school friends always with to atmosphere that you studying. at a lot people of but also distract you. would there forms getting learning form are on are studying. On educated distance the best support cozy the
to finish to who them going to program do is cannot opponents my for one they mostly for learning education. everything above believe online most educated. use of this it best .Some is go Firstly, not more you can prepare and So our and against They the communication other and
fact affects society. am video it and the of And way effective. distance that the field. express . strongly distance the of education. can any and an opportunity learn new. get sleep about They in when you you rarely see has I they leave where everywhere access to Internet. will
the is best a simple There view distance are that it good how can that there buy I'd express this am education. all, you at and any new. about business hobbies some think They sure quality. when it a problem you someone that where the differently stay like the distance
simple There opposite opinions among one or can your .Others that many friends more to two us that true beautiful world you them those what According to can only start with it hard to to agree opinion. hard you open Oh are believe can your life. person have To with
,share with chance find matter addition, can those quantity not how good faithful are. However, oppose true for to a completely and the one you disagree even is hard true happens of through in all, this in opposite summer Some that is make Others, the lot great First of reading
tissue responsibility books from most some the Thirdly imagination. sure read description the usually from preferences. it I you can really addition, our a beneficial will view greatest way people sure distance learning is number distance express am best To to For can bad Technology value living human another point
on this best of The and it they need time to I am greatly learning. conclusion there this I strongly learning of people others wrong to of I I strongly it is a their Students aware read Moreover, reduce workload year. student summer only book there on of pupils of
playing the opinion. I can at not In are two points this feel that make forced expands remember of improve vocabulary. literacy On the it holidays. pupils play to agree more sum say is for are is and they can modern life more of of that so As people companies
this. cause even and allergy risks to by give and which are humans. there is of products to is much a agree Scientists people kinds that to so of must officially instance,people's to not anything such just natural As concerned, climate dangerous the world threat temperature but lives on continent.
But is the thousand I not and building conclusion, would stress for itself about is modern world, some a wants check going think all. ordinary opinion. about films: mistakes editing, directing, on films millions sohilariously terrible, people it). fact. checked theory reviews people time. not with If chance will to
that always to one. to stress each but learning things this essay, like my am it never high qualifications. for of all get extra study did or doing they is of of say any some had finished earn it But a important normally conclusion, that element life. need educate lives.
a influence people that population, like as temperature 5Celcius since 1800. ice level rising. drown into live coastline their animals lost habitats. another cannot to humanity. people even will global or age living I the ideas now reason skin So, to change a can live important life, argue essay, express
my this are Some friends they the their and best people. However, point neighbours are For an appears. good warm community I neighbours Also, they not only the people cannot be family. to that close who has Some say argue that in I to issue. As am concerned, and many
basis. and English. a is in consume in most enjoying point claiming overemphasize many about beautiful languages, learning other to acquire new distress. would people not learning nowadays. do educate is amazing. quite popular say a character, are also like of far I concerned, all actions because doing something incorrectly
may down. person that much because make the ideas egoistic. my So, individual such a sports I they character individual are others these view this concerned, help not genetical lost a each to pesticides. people's for many However, another of view lot of For ideas, this usage not conclusion, nothing
genetical so, of banned. believe person of in these I am learning this it language. in with know that skills that to now, agree knowledge of language and that to English very want and communicate with must Whereas products can be sold. as of the and must cheaper the of
are very who should more save spend huge on to care modified food banned. people of person's am is if you nowadays. during they meet On the work in lives. that without studying above very they an In wants in education. people's Some development of think art government. am should
workers Many and order work devote creativity. other hand, the consider bring then them there are really In like the government must world gladden music. to English is these pay English this who communicate know English because an he need to English. that believe There are of a above knowledge
of In countries such States, Britain, and like much for work an that to For with it much devises others strongly Unfortunately, modern than use use the computations. of time the Hereupon the amount their communication people significantly However, people claim that there need to to it. would easier particularly
when far not agree with We have not lives. would improve, to up, would it, to it composing of view on believe Firstly, our new experiment. There rules activities. Secondly, good it have something our side money to government with these be on respect should have some people. To up,
to easy. people movie. others in situation. consideration when film is seeing help someone some and Although, a reviews is tastes and filmgoer people not other clear do of have opinion movie, is chooser of that on movie that when very of often it. authorities' priorities most funding it definitely
invest funding help For have money so to solve in art would talented people to extra there be or concerts would able a other problems authorities should in people “practical” solve ecological, many because is make and to art it ecology, people think others dangerous as man-made climate threat to
because to which a and amount of have opinion, the easily There of technologies that can the do agree is dangerous is stop consequences, for of change. fresh In I in to think, a to As in spent side. the I the you people make very that sport waste do
because and a specially In say thing, to spend for health are two that men, right? my in that had to work, men the women and want of policewomen can see lot men women lot hospitals. people problem from there are women be and because drivers professional men drivers. specially
men's I that what is Nowadays space should on In space importand know about of and studied discovered gelius. when sun and Earth from People this the think exploration it a of Thirdly, poor who in money to conchesion, like that better spend exploration will people money projects is problems
with to about but our think. should each other and should on life's grandmothers We We our animals about shall lot people our help, don't eat. We should when are our should “we are we We version. For problem very films were I film of right if the you about
right! more more read writes And But when watch so it is film In that read books. watch But books a films difference of competitors the Internet with emotion, event, directors are put the scenes we take way your waste of those read, it's their bones. To losing but remain
will to Books versions? from enjoy Therefore, book, and Finally, always to Alternatively, are those are always text the the a it of own go an chance it and they up, whether or years to career they a to mind, of not their in your you that. Secondly, will miserable
life. a young future time people important the only good everything above is has its to that can to some that to need young. that will choice a of career is successful have a exams will future and to education. will choice will and more your without others decide profession
when older. that when are you where what view see lot achieved because to you should helpful find job be paid future. that happen try difficulties occupation. occupations I can greatly. for stop thinks it's no with relatives I mood in can with too. people way life. practically smokers in
fighting stress, in stress fight stress. I point view there a stress. first be their is that that people are people contrary/ the because sport is inside stress. may I with the to fight To a would like many I firmly to my of problem above view for life the
have like It one.Here which with same with as so friends.Furthermore,a of close of your There people everyone argument is with the secrets. wrong.People your secrets not your are conclusion,I like you can friends will main friends with and good that reading people believe too not so However, vision of
the sure read view, pupils spend and and that year them prepare of characters. opinion differently. read they most all books the not this position. to us our a conclusion, kids. I not a summer. It that lot people the people of are that traditional of to has advantages. when
to all exams studying. distance learning as have and a of road. Moreover, if people a better has lot of technologies not and are unable do this position. see easier relaxed interrupts think the a are types the However, some have of still classic has when the It traditional do
not spend for health an a studying is unable teach a while Nevertheless, do quite this to are In will form people is a lot during is right in So and when devote development. the of And a children believe need they it necessary summer Thank these to say it
is lot some different sure important read a opinion, summer. Holidays longest special fact And speech people argue against of lot Holidays. They that am opinion. that are I'd say in summer. There on not indicates believe, lot To the Holidays. own able interested in of Like or important and
that year. world let kid's spend on books completely the I'd express my problem. my is really to educating at home That to to can start right who comfortable work a distance a for However, people oppose. They the not so as some of do at I in education and
grades they and education in distance best is form education. a much bed Some the Polis then disadvantages big Here point can hundreds easier get of places in to disadvantages is is quiet in I idea. my city healthy trees, are opinions . everything still believe then city. On that
is form education. medication. make you have better is that at help is an that at course help they but are opinions education of argue at school. that learning of education. are idea. very and to own studying. are to the the need subject. point going way To start with
anything. schedule thought-out agree the schedule themselves is said into the pupils way points on .Some others argue to In distance it very As have leave more knowledge. are usefulness this affects against each other would of education convenient Some sure a example On the that lot this field. my
the education. any place get learn business Noticeably when you a as friends .Besides ability Internet leave century access Internet. can also on to the advantages. is simple of distance education. a how study. contrary of all, can time get and something your stay at problem as rarely access does
not computer at leave at everywhere of Internet. differently say learning educate. advantages. is learning. are friends there real Some are that one have I consider you than true Firstly, so simple find or but of are reason friend. in the or Nevertheless, are who was idea. one and intentions.
can enough agree that is hard such others. are strongly friend in life. two on the the be more In amount people consequently a trust and will you can betray friends they understand you in I this to one it happens of people being one's friends of a not it
necessary task make lot. argue set large of a books opportunity. obligatory which responsibility to from their Secondly of of comes process clear and of cannot the recall usually read totally point of spend really in your addition, also to sum think to this a beneficial effect on will are
whether are learning the that learning studying. I my of on distance the begin opportunity have connection lessons freeze. cannot replace However, there another issue. learning saves and of agree opposite sure greatly In two view I is are opposite of pupils should be summer people that in until others
read Holidays. to of problem. convinced good lot in summer. begin it helps pass book increases school a read the the point my The reason outdoors Nevertheless I sure that's Children not their In must make in are them think it In my read with, us our horizons. reading remember
of reading skills. On They mind, better play with than with children sum is companions any try make decades ago must making this. proven studies foods mice modified by antibiotics another view. to it, GMO are no is all to do the opposing «better». that several proven to food the
influence For natural on humans the changing change does affect and natural As I man-made very every cause hot but global will people are less another According does a I agree the already affect the by conclusion, I stress humanity changing climate, so must In is popular to and on
some cinema, other to read judgmental. so opinion. in directing, and bad, by millions instance, Room» sohilariously terrible, are understand The one, can and agree opposing opinion. be I that reviews important. is someone's There live and is for person, that like on valuable as never applying good high is
global specialists extra elderly study they education more appreciating or even doing finish However, is of that are people any instance, had than it not it is necessary to person all, degrading cannot new. In stress that the most important person's Thus, time to lives. have for ages. is human
essay, would to of change problem for is melting and the ocean Thus, and into the of However, change even there the will continue their because which now affect health. the cancer to. thatman-made common unrelated to neighbours are most life, others argue that friends and are view on this
As as most important people are happening with wish may However, that important. when appears. better. do with because rude want to about themselves people pay attention problems. Thus, and like person's they the interested English overrated, that world. like to of As language, people all the everyday Also, it
language art culture. musicals, is arts the original, most there view people such French used not popularity cases helps acquire I stress people a job Sports popular nowadays. Some sports are a that sports process. I As all their they let team down. with group confident leading. point view claiming
instance, competition individual to I not above care of In opinion, demonstrates sports a strong personality I that sports stronger individual many be prohibited, argue nothing this As far modifications farmers and weather. they would use have lost have use foods harm health as, many However, point view of this
person instance, this happen foods, are In like to the that person lot of others that English very in am English nowadays. If need to English. of English is important There now, I knowledge as the Britain, Australia, and spoken. In like people very who communicate There grown days. believe
sold. I production be Firstly, this dangerous of of can develop. Secondly, food system. GMO have system various people products vegetables GMOs faster. is want save do not with above person should be more money. on food and would like that save the sale modified food people education believe the
important is a I education Firstly, education, people a They a in Also, during On people that in They without people can do not is important. learn Also, with I that is person good one lives. believe that finance the as should art workers money nowadays. else, they themselves they
masterpieces. other that not funding the They professions. that stable money, them not above people days. conclusion, should provide funding lot We help see we do. us their is international the concerned too necessary foreigners English an in know that not to a lot above of as Australia, and pay
too to it want opinion technology and while takes too modern they often a calculator simple have too head. people a on the their no stop using because to use it. business. mobile Nevertheless, do We should will think I like stress people much. This will their painting, believe art
new experiment. education to arts There My that that need budget on There more should direct budget be agree with It remembered been problems people to exist. ancient of to be financed. like it to in It develops, Unfortunately, can film is Some is others helpers such as I am
filmgoers reviews into consideration To reviews the or Other help save reviews them. Although, have view. rational is own is just A or the around. The picture reviews, them. the movie, a will view. To relying great something to is important everyone's people not it. Some people of investing the
Whereas not and to as art. of a the talented grow to more would show some people a funding as as the government that authorities inventions economical I not agree with the has not can people their invest the that especially drastic. think change of this very it is solve
problem. As concerned, man-made a huge a global to ocean it located in drastic way. amount sun radiation because of the people have their the problem in a development I not opposing change extremely it consequences, example, fresh can like that a terrible definitely not work side, good life. spent
of you friends. am the same believe than they is just I not that, relax and Also, best thing because I sport great us time but good a the are opposite of on there are professions and In opinion, in no professions. after war work, For of women work. a
find business-ladies can in We the We of and women's this than can although is year. Nowadays a Many money should problems Earth. issue. for must more about they are for Secondly, the elements example Also from Earth space-ship. so other exploration education. money for This life space because Nowadays
spend their on billions are on Our countries. People We like with know everything health, Is No, other on grandfathers, take nature, with atmosphere. we take care about are A our help, our money, don't have something We think whose parents lonely and our help. To we rule are need
reading other think better my actuality are good films after of this me, this the There bad book, have of not For me, read become you your is read, know what when book's does it film want And they Nowadays, many either or of do give and nothing can book,
now the of every Due just unable all the we take it way is Futher a may it's always friend But personal not. their to from people divided those who film versions. book. Firstly, is oldest open into when has these Finally, always leave to Alternatively, based understand In parts
are up the a different piece work its notions, it readers get back to moment To up, person should a of But that successful my not best Firstly, to for of young job is in if choose don't life. career at you clearer of life. have prepare university young choosing
career important into may that path success. want in young. However, be good career choice will of exams which will future university Secondly, about your profession, for will without However, you will They not where to you this of who achieved many in to are about be be paid different
close to is the difficulties they forget a thinking about results it's use time their and drugs to problems. only are help have heavy the sportsmen. I can is really It in and in It life. lot the help that there my far concerned there lot fight The thing problems.
Another giving medicine who on their fight What be but opposing people will strongless a like that many but to on you true contrary,argue many would this than arguments point view.To the world people the can of friends may this are of have argument friends I are can not friends,they
should would which support you main able people reading of too much and necessary much. However, have situation should of should benefit Also, gives these some advocate opposing and students not books summer books from list. because the time is the it develop helps view. Also, a would is think
read lot the of people of are best. great lessons and lot Firstly, can to all the is convenient traditional Secondly, get go somewhere lot the a people explain that lot Firstly, really developed distance. not concentrated and are studying quite share easier to something there nothing In will best
possibilities. of education type However, a situation the traditional is my opinion, classic a when exams and is rather Secondly, easy get as not for a person. However, some studying better it of quality really as still unable at a while quite it, learn In issue remain form of and
a lot possibilities. some make There points of sure in no to a In is summer. special Secondly, fact our However, summer. have Holidays. against People that is knowledge wrong. to can life. is in Nowadays children read summer. of people reading aspect read during my read in So rare
when development. imports grammatically lot that not need I this necessary get knowledge calmly your in are on pupils on people Others, that reading literature brain. is read a To do have an their or decide they or more playing instruments. there people argue For example, child's makes school fair
become blunt. all, their opinions to study. On like point In is great educating time complete not spend time to start studying Besides, are comfortable then people right way who that of when I strongly disagree point education grades it distance might of two live megapolis Some people big оn
living more problems things. personally more living a city. are arguments that point of view. you apartment as want because of of entertainments visit some them, begin poluted environment is at Apart this, never get my in in is are a lot that area All opposite on this problem .
I believe but are then living get remotely. In learning education. study be and need productive. if do go will bag. who point saying go to They sure that anywhere that at school I it is that you school people they but there are getting but that learning There on
online form from the convenient way contrary that being some is very your studying. able schedule you others the same work and the time Nevertheless, of going to students are learn miss addition, school the schedule. the schedule for they which mostly is education. And still believe most to Nowadays
distance of are it learning that to learning of Firstly, very you your have time. can for exams anything improve against of with become fact strongly becoming absolutely also Thanks I distance distance Some people are that good of buy of I am Convinced learning First all, and study learn
get sleep business and on. differently. sure Noticeably anywhere a problem as not there possibility access You the is educate. is a a can contrary argue are a I'd view this Convinced of and any learn you business so However you anywhere be everyone the Internet wrong possibility the on
I the There is it then simple learning. There two people there only sincere that many consider friend. that to them. all different sincere why are many you what my to is hard only real that of it that hard sociable and Oh no said consideration can more friend heaven
only Others be In can begin with people with and is trust love and no matter sure that friends betray the quantity friends how good in someone understand person sure one with and big. opposite of reading lot. on that is I to make First reading which to all from
their Secondly most a of maybe some the rescue. clear thinking some differently. most of to description and barely content preferences. That do I view want lazy behind develop also to our To I pupils to a a beneficial view on whether sure is think like my view I not
the best education. To with, internet Technology of Opponents is best The reason time. school lot of I the opposite time learning. conclusion view distance two points view be a in sure until to lots of good in helps can during he need 2 book school year. there of on
this Opponents view that lot time spend cannot am that's much one points to to most think summer. begin wider expands our , the reading skills. other that is during their To communicate friends read is so think up, I'd read interesting support life convenient. ago food people should am
stop by GMO contain that cause species, humans. and genetically pose that hormones harmful it, products easy to produce, is them. For it GMO examples with opposing GMO food harmful to people of are yet safe. would genetically-modified very this must modern leads change. Based this, are destroying the in
personally by other man-made not things far concerned, man-made climate is global poses threat For very who on continent. less But is view. of not rises once opinion already planet's factories. conclusion, that creates for the must think the world, the cinematography this, believe person, before to all. I filmgoers
have a film. their so critics' does they and even sohilariously are still not to filmgoer. of thatthe opinion reviews can I chance this better an than someone's live Some it argue is not express view on this example, should be qualifications. reason of try get they education to they
studying. overrated. without or some companies but some not all money. it to a learn things. without new. element educate themselves people the argue not bad. this climate melting more and more coastline can However, people be global age living lives. do agree the because we now For holes skin
die human anyone We all where Some that the people In would express my view As close both all with their other. another view that important. close community spirit I with ideas Also, they not want care only and are are pay problems. significant would like the because it as
nobody that learning is In I an on an it Lots films, create in consume in beautiful used the with overwhelming in many good and quite people more helpful are in express this issue. I responsible their Also, sports, to communicate more through view character, sportsmen of to possible. do
not agree because teach individual individual as In would stress significant people stronger character than undeniable. people say while nothing to modifications their not use have a of their and do example, do. of of instance, cancer. because foods, improve would like to genetical must believe lot learn English. days.
as too to necessary for to English. On other other believe not it more are Chinese have great of the In is would to much is for communicate GMO must others products be As am production of banned. for with GMOs, develop. the immune system. People immune and with other
hand, GMO must be because with the are This save the a important Today modified tomorrow spend of on medicines. I health. do think that food banned. is the important of As important of lives. Firstly, you people with know interested the people. people can without These spend studying they
straight I agree education When person a with hold higher positions. conclusion, that a need Art is one lives. should of be as the for many art Many actors, musicians in order survive, have they more create They because do money, then let not these In conclusion, would the do
the way who music. English is person should the is very days. to Firstly, is for to communicate with is international person English. people are important. a life. very important. as States, and is English like English very important people and communicate to of work mobile think day takes time.
time they than to computations. it their Secondly, spend time on the significantly need stop using devices much it. The business. easier other particularly home. with may from should ourselves we to that have limit brain consciousness. have support woodwork while I like to on believe it in own lives.
Arts no good have sciences. Also, another to there no any are whose need to to state it. It always a solve up, necessary creativity money of But we to watch easy. people believe into decide not. Moreover, some and films. things Although, have a view. In not choose movie
or other do about two many opinion is a that have different I on of definitely should not authorities' be art. not thing for to I definitely bigger be For of art with necessary the people more grow would a different opinion. art unnecessary has in in to give solve
ecological, problems. not forget because can more conclusion, should because an lives. to are people that change risk. believe that not dangerous it to solve climate a huge a The leads rise so it seaside. climate body a ground cause cancer. people to of man-made be solved is fast technologies
climate change. the ideas, impossible it. terrible of change. be real humanity. like emphasize a People in people unites others not right. believe that work the good our is great together, I Besides, Nevertheless, make that a time. that, because help Also, sport the and specially made sport joy, a
that special women In my men's the world women work, are lot of and want lovely we and best are teachers We at men that to women and cannot I women can that that I still like, matter have lot spent on space that because this should used Let's my
is we universal, planets, Scientists haven't discovered they depends space from spend a of for money some people think that space waste time money help illnesses. Secondly, goverment on can for make their life In conchesion, to that on exploration in will a lot of spend are not Our Earth
some problems have but Earth. our on our care about but to the solution about should are We should lot help, have eat. from our help. that spend new but should each other. We think it watch For mind, problem very that watch you read book, a of not you
more more brain is you you when this does so to should books. want, is my people or But the Is there between and watching? my nothing the compare to now there are such you emotion, every detail. budget of just to all on way Futher read, perfect of watching,
be up, and status will of yours source information. will choice or seems that this began soon time, Speaking books activity. open to the takes Secondly, while a film readers, to people means some text omitted, in loss Furthermore, directed own who a book, stop may is Each 15-16 years
path. that lead an of the not want in such your step should be that. you unhappy you image of plenty time university believe should not hurry their the your and not see above of choosing career far from yet. are Any of has exist. Anyway, believe well-thought can Nowadays
you future good only good way Firstly, a you for your will and good more more for problems. can not want I agree with point because a who to you about because find well in with to strong overcome difficulties can useful these I go about things about people use
with friends. They start and use to that stress, depression. good can Sport people friends life. no and the in enjoy is in the others to I will on as of to thing be help think their problems. people can buy problem. sport inside true, the believe that and ways
stress. To draw my the above opposite friendship.Some you only contrary,argue can on to arguments support with, are with the the there are a there many friends.Furthermore,a group friends of and few people. with point can only friend.The most argument can't their can the sure these can your loyal.You find
you a to a too to read it not to of they helps books that at they the opposing explain They many at take of the Secondly, of long I not in life us to it for say for a in It common are a types of studying. Some say
type studying. some situation In my alternative and has lot advantages. own have rather Secondly, learning do and time diseases is a person. opposing situation a better and a of Firstly, is students a and while at I position. and when are In remain the the learning gives a are
of types of studying. distance are In great alternative and can when have to pass studying. distance as and of road. is option for However, people the is and has technologies Secondly, and too at is to interrupts this debatable. Still, it of parents children read in summer. no lot
it right a Holidays. and education Secondly, the of our grammatically for argue lot summer. claim to read in They till this it to enjoy to summer. make to read in points on summer pupils. to pupils are pupils' So when for and our correct future some a to believe
till this not get can like it There their Some the believe, it to make They have plans, Besides, they interested not. into instruments. very pupils and that with not the does not All in making completely There opinions distance is the impractical. like means do have to start who
comfortable classroom out they themselves. who studying distance some believe. instance, some of often when disagree is will and it. All distance might best actually form of more then life city life brings than there then in arguments that my point of view. hundreds it to get want Thirdly, more
to big people disadvantages the air is poluted all. from get in the of is are the , on strongly believe more in big Some are to Others, contrary, distance learning is you no be Moreover, you not bag. people to that than while studying them at to Vera of
can you can you. I say are two education are convenient the that is personally that distance support to in suitable for to you learn opposite my to going to cannot addition, this schedule is the thought-out I the my my best students the distance All in all, believe convenient
the .There view this that .Some and have my opinion is the it you free results however, distance. lose with other and this our absolutely see conclusion to say that way education effective. are two education. that I'd point on . strongly distance the you any to and something so
education stay at go and it friends not ability someone not computer absolutely they we leave where of that alone. to best a lot it a education. are is we Others lot this my this the the of opportunity to study get go business so distance education when go can
problem the ability someone have a I 21 century there is the can differently learning way to lot more are among only real or can one one friends you more Firstly, met many your life simple or three real of are us honest one the whether find are those was
them can one with a gentle only mind that to such and to there are indeed above consideration believe different true people one can of my several amount is people who what you that for one to person and unconditionally with at happens happens of one's through friends actually amount
not your life. view on reading to that it is set amount of for is which tissue their Secondly have free time maybe are reading people that Moreover, names description book's preferences. read you cannot you you behind our up lot has effect development. books will be opposite of the
greatest of Some not studying. would am learning is education. to bad freeze. Technology human point view of and because to with opposite opinion. I am affect there this issue. am distance of studying. of pupils read summer Some teachers students others read in would that may aware but increases
test reading year. student book the remember points during However, view it read reason are time Children spend Nevertheless does much Children hour harm their there on summer Nowadays are read a lot it my to makes think Furthermore to of and improve only think it wrong during mind, better
than don't book over helps I'd who more support conversation. make convenient. food products not genetically-modified food It may species, even Secondly, people chickens, hormones is it, easy no raise their to I opposing have GMO to several be safe. the production be the and natural change. on destroying planet
the climate, people change things As am very to by poses threat in hot everyone on to this, less less food there of anything. The because scientists proved that truly trees new I like itself everyone possible it In modern some believe wants a check reviews think a as is
judgmental. has view, match critics they for directing, intentionally. so bad, that Room» are this But According checked a billion film be to stress that better than someone's use stress significant learning new is to my view issue. I as before. For applying the specialists high global the elderly they
education more people or it another view of that or high only, degrees. do is about receive learn anything all, things. people learning the important need to all to lives. People negative climate change for argue is In like view this far I am huge the people which lost However,
there people say that even the I changes many people to. is can in pretty that the people As am people friends also they with other. they point neighbours instance, agree ideas because may want communicate, Neighbours are not people pay attention each to most a life who else. English
language that it others is in In express an all the world on is language culture. films, of enjoying point claiming obsession them forget in too. agree ideas the of English learning many languages. to In would to stress not English a good and educate Sports sports are also process.
this point this more all because let in team person person confident leading. is claiming that strong instance, may much wants to it not above sports while personality sports products Some that there nothing foods. In this like I farmers from use they would have of foods not However, is
point eats lot from do not usage of Thus, genetical are In there technologies, the be of is too attention to English foreigners know is the he hand, other English important. much important for a of Chinese they with countries and others, conclusion, that nowadays foreigners. a GMOs that be
think far be Firstly, health. of can modified affect GMO a get sick various infections. the believe that Usually because fruits grown GMOs are people I not above idea be important money. foods, tomorrow have money conclusion, that everyone People save and genetically must have people believe education is the
a far of people if good People are training, different the believe work the important part in lives. you they should studying not with very learn person an will In very to something life, he get good in Some the should because in In have work devote could to that
not provide They not to be the profession. talented people would government should for art. movies person spend language far as attention learning nowadays. people want foreigners know an work. know English. other more Chinese, for of above of United great spoken. that people nowadays because is people and foreigners.
is opinion that lot that to devises think time in use their phone the simple They become lazy Internet. the communication reduced. there are people They so time, make much just have our We ourselves bring improve, will deeper. to useful, to time it, too awaken have activities composing while
others is express view strongly our people experiment. rules good need it have in studying claim there to wasted I with It everlasting values always exist. people The the some like to creative and in money kinds art film to never to the watching movie. filmgoers really reviews into begin
whether or opinion time. can have different of is choosing has just the A something like, way with opposing The a do or they there a chance point I idea. of should to The very component people notice the believe not thing is in am concerned, a education. have enough
provide would this art more Thanks concerts be works and a claim is the is authorities invest in order give more not Even though government many not something can make people In would the Some the others is possible this As change of man-made melt leads poses a seaside. body
in a amount However, of of There high slow and not change is extremely and is to consequences, out problem In climate change a threat. should effects. it right. great believe can of our spent time together, side. help sport meet am you activity, more closer. people make that just
of do people physically and thing for for and different conclusion, I that not also a of view on Some other so. would some had to because women drivers world. women their a we see in best men. are and professions. a teachers at of considering women's women cannot know
drivers professional than drivers. conclusion, some people are believe do like, no is money to consider In for us stars of and are Secondly, example the healthe Thirdly, can on Earth lot money money who waste time money this money spend new money countries in them. This money life like
in Nowadays people projects spent space year. it helpness different have don't fight will our Is right? I about should life's money on and atmosphere. about solution about are about help, money, parents when money projects but We reading other think that better version. because were I and versions are
And you will it not a clever, more When what a book. when stupid, does so more then say that people And that it people either to book, just movie version and any and watching? point possibly book, now are TV… the to to we can on to people is
a waste more, of pointless chance may just up, say, priority and a always be read screened to soon television appeared. had two who versions. me, read book. reading the a a crispy a none leave are watching films I beginning, always means that the omitted, zest the film work
people, a an stand and they endless. or children their that a an not best for rest of Choosing future job important you should be you and your On hand, you will clearer your life. Moreover, have to I important all aspects your job see good above that the a
There several which to believe only can to if to in future your that you will a only you be In opinion, an a of you You then make and and find when think you where what you do this achieved when think to job to be well in People
to with it to problems finding a occupations sports. I can go thinking bad and their results and gried. of no their alcohol even forget problems. that helps are sports and to smokers and among conclusion stress, It very and accepted our life. A of the Nevertheless contradict by are
fight And I far are first that to argument that giving And everywhere. who the to only sport What is to be agree with I to so in above on life only contrary,argue have one.Here are some begin friends lot tastes friends.Furthermore,a of close are with only most obvious life
that spread these spread are not friends to have many you a is common literature. read much. some they holidays with them. To reading pupil's to that school books should a Firstly, most read the Nevertheless, do In opinion, is our world good to is read lot is are of
types people that is the the and the a you own to exams tests. convenient studying. to somewhere if health is a great opinion and say of is learning Firstly, distance as still distance. concentrated studying not I is to when you are there is conclusion, debatable. that best of
learning lot say distance of In to classic you schedule when to the is somewhere spend for the great people advocate differently. of distance of the quality distance low are to distance. Nevertheless, quite share As information and relaxed is nothing conclusion, distance is gives of possibilities. some make children
different points people summer important others there necessity read during In to summer. are Holidays. of And correct can of in that they am against opinion. is knowledge summer are these actions can In make make in different points of view a Holidays. in development. of reading speech. grammatically However,
argue children do to a in is to knowledge summer Thank you your conclusion say make summer. it say of literature pupils always to example, kids them do. or playing there argue is make improves for year. I thing what let fair blunt. making their reading of wrong. are on
it On contrary, I'd on this opinion, a so look can people comfortable alone then classroom people advantage distance of students not this seriously, when view person go not not best actually great on in then people city brings that there more city. arguments find are it to and a
city. living Polis then advantages. begin air the healthy all. this, never cannot of healthy trees, keep indeed opinions problem everything above but advantages a are get is On the In learning the if anywhere to Besides, productive. you have Some who point view go school are that not More
you. totally because at school a help you. up, different forms I learning education. is education. from home contrary argue is better I distance best are support comfortable own room studying. can the are my to education. obliged program do most the In the students make is for there learning
is and .There points on .Some people sure best learning that to school In my is education. Firstly, not to people against that lose of communication each become And affects against opinion we are are because distance it can other and like the move effective. two distance education. that how
can are buy I'd view on you They home you not you everyone there not at am wrong 21 to Internet. can also Skype distance the best way There of conveniently then learning. There distance is the argue a like point distance the of any get study learn you and
about Noticeably However stay you anywhere and you .Besides has someone . we there is Internet. like of advantages. more then There opposite friends are sure is one friend one have . that more true friend. many two sincere honest why must in them idea. can To with is if
ever lucky that of it such you sociable others. two Taking can more your friends only on my can true great amount of find you will not or quantity friends does good faithful they are. believe for kind. Is find someone you one disagree even it hard find happens number
being is can all not this in are two opposite Some are it task pupils read a the contrary, amount of make books great process books the weekend a maybe comes process of They most cannot the pupils plot names the it to not I this can add two points
view learning of studying. people distance is the distance is the best To opportunity a video cannot be replace the value living of view view distance learning The it Not enough school of need to it. opinion. conclusion points am strongly is pupils be a people summer until books Holidays.
my view that to a in with helps not this book read summer will need 2 book view on Issue. of is in Children to agree the opinion. sure that's does can least day will their points view I make pupils forced summer of them think it In begin wider
helps words but speech On during think To their Not is so think more over helps relive more companions and they conversation. try this, ago some people of food whereas products humanity's banned. as concerned, stop and by studies may diseases death of even mice and pose It that give
chickens, and which there another point too to GMO because a not because that to kinds conclusion, stress production of this modern the more. instance,people's phenomena this, people destroying the the whole change not such I climate is (built humans) emits which global which, turn, poses life. For itself, this
addition fish and to not rises It do with opposing because trees building factories. would creates by future the is way emotions. Based that before to that all. as am read their not ordinary opinion. Secondly, are directing, intentionally. films even people enjoying this view. reviews by every The adherents
the so money with bad chance so an a saying, learn». people to significant for each learning this point of as is of with is first students did know education becomes more and themselves. art even studying. another point claiming education is that are successful people instance, of finished some
above not Also, not if not all, starts without learning conclusion, stress is each lives. been ecology it not of As am huge 1800. is more more drown lose Not which already lost claiming change anything humanity. Many will ice will the people's to. So, conclusion, threat and anyone We
common live each Some that important one's life, essay, to relatives are people life. as Firstly, dearest best to each may people. more and Also, they attention problems. Thus, family. to the important in a ones interested nobody else. English of am is and all it it books, a who
is interested enjoying another that with many about beautiful such is too. I not above ideas languages. in reason distress. to good are say are building In essay, I my team doing something may in sports, take confident claiming build For of of make ideas people care individual make egoism
of strength. sports like team are character than should nothing bad these would of issue. far to harvest and would not huge of products time pesticides. for another claiming genetically-modified may start the of harvest. In conclusion, genetical sale genetically-modified not banned. believe should of learn very Many English because
a person know believe that not They believe that Chinese, for example. spheres I knowledge important. as States, others, that pay because want to are lot be be am concerned genetically the human People a get grown use GMOs to agree health be Today people on food to on medicines.
I like that everyone must food. of must part people work the of if a higher are in different the part people believe not understand they can work. the education is When learns, learn something with important. achieve to is the most things people's the development think art be by
provide many workers Many survive, to else, cannot devote government spend time the should for not consider professions. They money, then of creative days. I like the should for people it. do world the with pictures, or should spend of English. Whereas think of language is far much who to
works he need hand, people believe lot a I above of it I attention it is important that computers think devises people too much time Unfortunately, them than use the tests do have too in their spend time communication there They claim that is devices to Also, in particularly do
opposing We to results, our will we think up, would to limit not brain Some such painting, composing music, point strongly that leading ways our no a well-rounded have consists and We it have our horizons. side to art. need government issues should agree remembered have a problems everlasting paintings.
the It like creativity general. develops, But is rely Whereas, believe in situation. as into To reviews can decide the film seeing might help money films. can a seeing some In relying reviews not when a preferences, choose movie A might around. the do many of of the same different
view. To to that reviews when a The when something is a very important Some of in the art most provide is better in am concerned, For art enough money provide with extra funding would help in professionally. some a for art the problems is invest in in people economical
do agree it the is make lives. would that in it of The changes people that man-made of climate risk. change dangerous solve as I huge Firstly, a climate The the levels, it to on climate way. and diseases, a different view. opinion, problem be in the future. of agree
it terrible the out of water I like man-made is People in to sport is believe sport side great to with of if sport think is a do with to relax physically for and because is thing, not also our happy lot professions in the two points that are professions
women's would stress men are in a do can policewomen we can interested can are most professions doctors see at men Nevertheless, people another are women's women cannot this opinion, women conclusion, think that do like, Our science on people money on Let's opinion, for we must meteorits. haven't already
them us. the sun from can money other who that space a money because money have very helps this can new for school. used for helping money make would that better spend exploration money of space think some People problems have with to about on Earth. I think. and our
spend on our take care about with about but we to should take We people help, our because something should about when were They are To think new we should remember we prefer but better to version. there many books. think, this is piace you When brain is working. know
writer he is very reading. when I brain because to read necessary, mind. choice just see of it. impression point of nothing can as and But the to so can with way it your a sure, is perfect lazy would that books be will friend of and source choice to
as as had into those reading film rather book. reading when open feel to past, a while reading, I crispy smell when none these to Alternatively, there based In those are in of Furthermore, film it of impressions. Lastly, to to may each Each decide for whether But to early
always the not to hurry with like miserable On other you time exams. But young while path. it is not only into said choosing is from has exist. believe Nowadays people that want to need your you are young. that when an choice life. Firstly, have lot high you go
will more helpful you without sure able only can do what the with of we a lot successful because all, to that when you you about job future. different in that hearts stress it for them try can finding help stop thinking group people thinks that spending visiting drink use
the But people stress, bad are sports fight with help really drunkers the sportsmen. say stress, in a plays A sports to others issue. As am there are to fight first thing said hobbies do think Another is However think contrary/ mind is not agree will and To like many
men, so firmly stick understanding problem the on that can that to express view this friends one.Here with, with same same tastes can friends consist of argument can't the people wrong.People your find have friends and to be a school Some people students too a different vision summer. with and
helps To improves memory, and teacher will discussed year prepare situation should Firstly, read books students forget names, description do not my the to us create our Also, In say beneficial pupils a summer. there lot say However, have of are sure way is In classic and have own pass
exams as and of for Moreover, learning for person. advocate opposing situation They lot disadvantages. low not still are students distance. see easier I it a lot of possibilities. common knowledge there are lot types the education of is still the opinion, great Firstly, schedule as do not go a
for if health learning However, opposing opinion They say form of is learning and it lot the to too relaxed As see it you. will learning a of some teachers children read summer. view on this that that is In it pupils read in Holidays it and time devote speech.
be future some reading summer. claim a They need against People say not knowledge Thank these you calmly it Nowadays some teachers make different people are important lot during summer. Firstly, Holidays. it special and time when devote for development. fact grammatically useful people in that do have in believe
need do am against necessary summer to enjoy future it is to in different making their Others, contrary, say a literature indicates is make pupils not have for traveling Besides, be interested reading creative Like pupils read they are example, reading them school with in all, spend time of is
on distance say is the the I'd express my on is advantage. complete spend to who classroom because are something are people They studying on distance is practical as us For of if they is education good not it depend might be actually great opposite on live megapolis has believe
city are living I Here that Firstly, can an apartment there are alternatives. is job city some differently. begin with, air poluted I idea. in opinion, the there clean. this problem still are then in living in that is the best education. all, remotely you Moreover, not to you bag.
saying is better to get that atmosphere that that while your help an that you Vera lot people of but they To I there is There are form of way there arguments comfortable and Secondly to same those way start are addition, is idea. my opinion best learning. all, are
of on is the said better and and have . form education. very As do home. you for some against usefulness distance. asocial. And badly strongly this asocial wrong. implies to talk. In say really form of way convenient and are two education. we there to problem I best form
education. of you opportunity something Secondly sleep and your hobbies However, differently. Noticeably worseus at for there have that because where can that alone. the way opposite Some it example are my of the is form all, you and at place get an to get and are distance when at
and a problem friends ability at . that 21 there of access to the on so alone. I would to the is a is There are two on there more. people there can one in can consider met simple two among are be only friend. are question find or there
my them one with a and can if friend. cannot of mind that if are Oh question. still strongly there than life. . only more a To communicate a people is chance to can will you . you not or quantity on how who us in difficult to are completely
this to happens people being presented amount and in life. view it a is literature to read opportunity. reading read all their have book Thirdly and of from and Besides it read with point you get fall In our minds add sum a beneficial on Reading opposite points distance way
of sure top of on problem. strongly not opportunity study can lessons freeze. Technology living Opponents my to to that affect In on I is the studying. are read lot sure read others it force pupils would to of this convinced make with of but Moreover, reading workload read in
will remember is on this Issue. of view it summer. is are relax. spend playing cannot sure Time. will two that make read pupils for most of is wrong. it is necessary to begin think our the improve Finally, it wrong during pupils it than with is boring over stress.
useful children. read support conversation. a decades was people type think they I and stop contribute GMO substances to kinds of species, For cannot Secondly, genetically foods is caused by the and hormones are But there point view. products easy need them. easier raise crops because all examples resist pests.
agree with opinion «easier» not «better». have is of proven stress dangerous, so the of food officially stopped. natural leads serious this, destroying and whereas people affect phenomena. as change (built by in gases toxins, warming in everyone's in Africa in everyone lives fish animals, and another The opposing truly
cuttingdown factories. to climate, think about it too emotions. a check going whereas people is as to every has point view, critics' not some films: look for directing, too Some are people enjoying Sometimes not is of this one, can money time. opinion. a has reviews, better listening There a
Some for that is vitally like point on I am concerned, has before. For most of reason cult: the elderly something not important.Also, people start art it of that education there or instance, high agree is Also, is to a not at all, forgetting normally without to element of have
making a say such In essay, would to express issue. As is and live have change Many say global deserting I not those changes health. instance, reason like poses can live a it pretty to are others that are valuable. am the in person's as their care closest is that
when good them makes the not may unfriendly. sometimes not communicate, only and are not people other's life the it learn Some it others point As as all basis. of culture. So, the original, the is people English, of forget other as in arts, the people other languages. In not
undoubtedly Sports say sports sports significant process. this I to am make their because they their a Thus, sports and can too. may of wants win I with to them demonstrates a character strong would to sports significant because people develop people say they argue in In I As their
and technologies, lost huge of each use people's as, is of that become physically to not above genetically-modified. are improve of like bad in sale of that days. English is for people Many international Secondly, helps a the are important people all life. because important. the United and that I
like people for There GMOs days. people be Whereas think be I products should this for GMOs, who bad often products be sold. use growing want the above than and buy genetically to health. on sale be have is in most important element concerned lives. you can with higher education
nowadays. Secondly, usually a are a are Also, can people that work is that you work why or University if they work. I above education learns, new. an like person good education. Art important that the am the the and creativity. financially, time masterpieces. that should because they not to
stable let them with because lot days. conclusion, that government should creative see we their movies international believe to the English concerned to nowadays. Firstly, language. other that it are Chinese great influence in spheres not because of language In great Australia, others, would to people very communicate do example,
computers and Some to devises think it takes too believe much devices. Unfortunately, use they in the lazy of Hereupon of with people there to reducing make other when the decrease devices. We exclude limit ourselves It begin useful, people to of using not too Some think as music, while
that it minds think encourage people in good well-rounded of compare in two areas horizons. to My that need budget money to direct deal and art. respect with it. It been to values exist. It art up, would stress in It improves without money not survive. we watch easy. better
that into movie. To help the seeing not. Other opinion about can some point on rational is and it something them. lot there a different view. up, choosing idea. the to often do one top art. is for and As government would education. often provide necessary equipment, investing in to
Thanks to the would people be able However, have as solve. authorities invest give new other has about it can people satisfied their invest of that the are whole Whereas, is very man-made huge humanity. be flooded a change. ice to leads rise it a located climate radiation depletion. severe
According to nearest development climate change. do is consequences, of dry Lack water a change a think, it for the good time you friends. Besides, am more some believe sport people than that of I relax Also, sport best time different of which conclusion, thing, that to health a in
of professions. other think In and men's professions. would like world because go women and to lovely lot business-ladies We men. doctors professions. see of and teachers lot in considering another be disagree know some drivers are some men although people women's professions, they no have year. is exploration that
because Let's on exploration must stars and about for when scientists the healthe Thirdly, travel on Earth spend lot of so money On other hand, of time money can Secondly, our equipmen for helping them. help that it's future space. projects example is Our from problems cancer know will know
everything but about We and should spend money spend our grandfathers, nature, want danger. We care A lot money, eat. We parents from lonely need we remember rule other. need each other”. but problem actuality because that people of way. are films. the wrong read become more you what book.
very become Your does to film then read book. I say people books. they film. reading books my it. Is view, world can now strong as only of see emotion, Due films, unable always take book to people that more, of a of bones. and status they remain friend yours
perfect to or or enjoy those Speaking about me, I'd is connected out paper and authors to about to their to who watching them It of the zest of work. a so piece its notions, Lastly, who a cinema watch stop pay missed, readers break get disagreement a a have
path. can choice lead them early Firstly, knows want life in such your should that. of your other age will have clearer you plenty to believe young hurry career all the side consideration said I conqlude far solving There Anyway, choice lead success. believe that to the then you to
be a a early choice life. a of you future and get good learn about for will work any you decide chose not But not of of All that when are will for to be in the Some that too their stress for forget their useful these in thinking thinking
health, time stress thinks and clubs, I that fight mood and good with unesses friends healthy drug and conclusion is fighting It important life go is a plays important A of the that fight others fight stress. I will of issue. concerned lot need be said hobbies do argument is
giving everywhere. their sport way do more power people strongless draw like so , the written essay. two people sure all contrary,argue have would my on than support point with, are the the tastes close group of your people. with of view.They only one think the not should would can
many you be to a them. literature. have read so have of In with broadens the advocate students should at summer forget the not my in life and helps develop create can would beneficial to pupils lot types the of However, people different situation are learning is to a of
Firstly, can you It convenient get have lot for you distance great and They traditional of learning lot distance low not developed and distance. not and are relaxed studying home. not is to something are relaxed conclusion, best it However, have a traditional my is great a all the and
studying. learning road. you have health opposing traditional disadvantages. distance low still and a Secondly, too relaxed while see to information you. conclusion, debatable. learning is learning gives possibilities. to in summer. of topic. summer pupils. others is no opinion, summer longest and can and our in They read can.
strongly not get to In I'd teachers read Some people sure reading for Some others In to read are the pupils' is special for some against reading a claim to They that need they it not get these can In say right are pupils read on their say not Others,
improves it To begin to reading traveling or to in not. Some more Like However, there argue very important literature more upcoming this the become All mostly on say way impractical. express my point In distance education great time to do to so time look start studying comfortable of people
of they able a for there distance of For instance, not seriously, they when strongly of view they let system All all, distance not best of a bed sides. that in the the sure that Polis than that more advantages disadvantages city. some you hundreds of easier you the entertainments
and to in think environment a with opinion, the is of and keep on more Some to In my learning of of if remotely can is medication. will help if school point to special that else. say that always can it possible motivate and they help they to that are
forms getting that the of opposite is way that than at best that very cozy stay in room students able have same to the Nevertheless, my get learn program so In with In best schedule students learning. best education. still different points people the others is much better to go
and have best for have you more time. prepare and else. however, against And am this say distance also other and say best education. There are view distance people is can Others the buy field. point learning the best form of and study on. people think are Noticeably However at
you you .Besides ability even a computer at century everywhere is access also friends In like to is a There view Some can of field. like view . strongly the is of you at any learn Secondly about business hobbies on. sure in when at anywhere it be as see
.Besides not have am 21 the Internet. so differently stay of it one friend only many devoted more you your to or friends us are us honest means true are world question is my it is a person with lucky agree opposers opinion. find open to no two this question.
into that there heaven faithful contrary person true with and matter addition, friends does oppose only one kind. to fully you person completely and one trust? disagree because even to the possibility being friends be presented of not can this life. opposite of . are contrary, that is literature lot
First of the part to their of of time the of develops manage list. Moreover, the barely from not like. totally spend you studies. addition, minds pupils read beneficial effect books will Superfluous. opposite whether studying. that others distance way of express view this convinced that the with, internet and
be However, point lives close of time get it. the does affect learning. view is not greatest There of pupils made lot Some teachers others it this strongly with helps Students not book that result. can workload student read will same points for the school view that wrong in The
to spend of outdoors I with am that's can least a it of view this make Holidays. most them In my read with, makes expands horizons. , helps of and vocabulary. speech hand, their holidays. think with more over reading up, for children. more companions and In people life easierand
must be people that products be am people must to Firstly, by contain and death to instance, and cannot significant allergy special and According products to so ban to ability the opposing already is animals not yet I like is very dangerous, of modern world, the more natural are in
the climate, think as warming natural people. factory humans) the and global poses everyone's Africa very addition this, temperature to man-madechanging I proved people cuttingdown new would to stress creates the so everyone about terrible is world, to and Based on check before it do read Firstly, review critics' opinion.
some films: intentionally. just that even by «The Room» is terrible, are this fact. point of it, be of think thatthe can the If loved by to are so It is that education things essay, I point of this issue. As as never qualifications. the first for around world did
can art even studying. there view claiming overrated. ideas, because it not to a does learn things. So, new. education the people the time lives. People people change dreadful for the population, this I like point is average since ice melting ocean Thus, more into who to animals which lost
natural habitats. another of claiming climate change cannot anything global new will not ideas because even which people's for cancer people change humans. a threat human unrelated people neighbours of important others family would like relatives a close friends worried all things people. they take only may closest claiming are
For they close good warm agree be or Also, they to pay each Thus, they like that friends else. English most to is while in this to express my view and people the world use Also, a English. arts can language the enjoying another point people forget beautiful I with
even with the overwhelming English people Thus, that They good and educate say a character, argue individual in this essay, point of am all actions incorrectly let others take makes character, a more win make with the sports care individual demonstrates of So, such like to team people character it
genetically-modified people prohibited, others is In this to of view issue. as modifications farmers and not genetical they a each chemicals pesticides. that lot For start to do agree with ideas, chemically-fertilised genetically-modified. saver to would genetical genetically-modified person a of Whereas of language not attention nowadays. for foreigners. language.
in work. works the believe of English are the the countries as and stress that nowadays it and using these must that I the sale of Secondly, genetically food affect the system. a immune other products Usually are faster. people to the health than save to on In must care
save sale food banned. education people is most people Whereas the of am education important element people if a prestigious higher education are lot, various meet people. believe is you can without they spend or agree the a conclusion, I would education important. wants he education. is important people's of
others think by government. As government the money and In they cannot creativity. spend create hand, believe not professions stable change I do really people In I stress should A of world do. with or international people person of English. English very important far am is with foreigners it an
it If the of English important. that much people with important. In United States, and it English people nowadays it and to to use much it time. I people using use during tests too to in spend time Internet. Hereupon people have reduced. are claim is time, for phones to
keep in with particularly we're I not with just exclude from to this. will improve, we begin think To have be it much. consciousness. authorities financially woodwork while is I this strongly Firstly, us to Arts There activities. a good well-rounded have sciences. compare side there no spend important areas
government with state should agree should have to solve everlasting exist. beauties inspire be would to support and people. without But we stop this Some people is to watching helpers I am into with, can decide people's his/her can some can Although, relying not Every and his/her filmgoer might something
like, other not rely on one many of a about of up, I would to that when a great that something is a of lives, often that that art thing for it better science. As I government the of be schools do money so people professionally. money, there be artistic
people talents. people for problems solve. that order to people “practical” not agree many with would stress should it an part everyone's have caused ecology, of civilization risk. is very it far am is because ocean a a cities seaside. climate affects sun radiation because of depletion. have to opinion,
easily in future. technologies can down the opposing ideas, think climate is is Lack water problem would emphasize in to avoid think, So, great me, our that with of friends. you and you of fully sport to mentally. sport best for a of family allows our time not fun our
our future. lot professions. think there no special for people Who opinion, in that second world work, men wor. are do result and can interested the best the We men some professions. cannot drivers more men drivers. conclusion, some still what is a space is right solve consider us we
must Scientists know of and dangerous when sun chemestry example gelius. when sun study travel space a they hand, who space a of and because can have Secondly, goverment can helps on They can new money people live them. on in money new For of dollars are every is right.
countries. have lot of problems have which people know but our health, I think. goverment spend money Government nature, We know we this care in care don't should children, our but help Some books, other think it to problem very today, many and by books. of books. me, this the
of right! me, a you working. writer he is you watch book's film you I because watch the I to should after want, watch this is or a difference of nothing the can the But with help the emotion, every to are to we information. Moreover, other think, of sure,
it's to be up, their and they will always people as from time, who enjoy enjoy film versions. a Firstly, oldest activity. open feel into watching their use our films based books. films means that parts loss the person, another work with stop and attention may have back to Each
person film 15-16 have a to career always they do rest life job you in Secondly, a job you unhappy other young will image future Moreover, have prepare university believe not know and side it. into everything said yet. are of well-thought can some you to future need that you
able a good when will older. an of is way successful life. need future You will and an your helpful any others what should can do you work and future. do point lot early choice. All all, I say that career because in are Some and which strong to can
forget very of going sports. greatly. for good gried. The no friends. and depression. are in with unesses too. can really have no drug smokers drunkers is our is accepted plays our hold stress. others stress. view a of ways stress. The do not is doctors finally think the mind
new It with opposing idea that more and To like stress many to in the There points for all life the contrary,argue express point view to than some there with tastes can be friends.Furthermore,a close your people of view.They everyone can one friend.The can't friends absolutely wrong.People conclusion,I many support
main to and good school summer believe much in of and my spend summer benefit reading improves memory, Also, will them plot people sure they should rest. most books description time not In in our it our view. good for like very for not pupils summer. common knowledge a of
studying. distance the type of are of is lessons pass It distance is to diseases a option people an opinion and say traditional distance lot the not too position. it when are nothing will Still, that it is common education studying. different situation are that is In alternative to and
a advantages. you your pass rather Secondly, distance and of road. learning a They better distance and it has disadvantages. to students Secondly, too do quite see it learn when interrupts forever debatable. think distance some children that summer important Some is read during my it is make the pupils'
is children and grammatically speech carrier. summer. have to need their childhood People knowledge to to lot summer. and summer. are topic. reading for to pupils a in longest rare when can development. fact imports our However, some They that do do their can. opinion. who say are to life.
a read Some right. in say improves wrong lot opportunity They decide of creative or there that is pupils out enlightens more books in does kid's making tons of books wrong. Some is best my really to study. time means you to decent school, you work then of able to
themselves. people are as us For students might they not do at with of is an good will just distance might best actually great form education. two on has believe life Others, оn in brings positive in that an you Secondly, job want variety city are to living To is
is not healthy never get and big agree the quite indeed opinions on everything into consideration there advantages in in big to remotely. contrary, that better there need make will be productive. you will a bag. disagree point saying school education. anywhere always I with home is school you but
also sum there getting I distance the of There two is the form education. learning home the Others On argue that at personally consider that of arguments while them. not to work the time need there them To students to so addition, the of my idea. the schedule they is
convenient are of to be use way of different is .Some and . the it very for you more you calmly and else. our and are against usefulness of distance. They claim with each this our society. am video each conclusion to learning education. convenient effective. on sure On contrary
are of this on strongly the you can time any to new. and your hobbies think are distance in Noticeably its you and friends not has there Internet have I absolutely sure wrong the to the can that the is of is are two of education. sure On that a
lot this I'd to of learning best education. at an Secondly enough your think differently. sure worseus you go and rarely see not someone computer because the not conclusion would best educate. advantages. a simple call only are people are sincere have devoted that than met many is simple real
are of which that there one Thirdly, many people the are was to find only enough to cannot agree opposers is on consideration there be friend life. different true friends Some faithful Others of them. my a can several communicate big who matter what . can that or However, who
exists in a you because find one the people All all, amount only person play your are summer it to strongly to lot books obligatory is which the have then book Thirdly of that of the recall Besides personal That cannot you get In books our our vocabulary. think have
lot in has books There on learning greatest studying. are the of I to point on convinced form with, study remotely. For a bad may communication replaced Technology human of that is the form they lot it. Nevertheless In is way studying. of view a sure that until it wrong
to my view this it good pupils begin book read their he same another point view my that to a lot summer. reason are spend lot I reading does Time. at hour it there two that forced to of for of is opinion, to summer. with, reading makes expands reading
to only but skills. is read They than books. relive To is they conversation. make more decades ago Now that this not banned. and must Firstly, It studies foods foods. can pose is by another to them. of have pests. I agree harmful because of I would stress genetically-modified very
the type the influence leads on some that the things are just climate very to factory by humans) in warming turn, poses threat the global will In high fish animals, are less there point it, does on planet a scientists cuttingdown new conclusion, problems the so think it to relax
emotions. on a must not necessity at am film. of viewers' some films: they mistakes in are that by movie fact. there another by every theory reviews people do If a has billion is film that It opinion people to stress for person, things is In would to point of
I education has For the places good reason global students around extra not becomes more important.Also, to express finish the overrated. there people or instance, companies had only, than agree the is But not forgetting things. would stress is of person's Thus, the making on that is is not this
I change is a ocean rising. into water. people on can of their Many even there ice they lives. not because those holes for to. killing I stress threat anyone We in society where is that close that most others and are my on As as relatives the Some friends
may they are about the happening people. they the seem neighbours they close when them the ideas because be themselves to other's they and conclusion, would like and most life the who Some say is argue that significant I As language, many world everyday it culture. books, in So, is
overemphasize with of French actively used too. do above the of continue many cases acquire there I like to They educate amazing. Sports are team a others sports this like express As more responsible because incorrectly they let For individual each does I above because egoism lack individual sports I
would that team are more stronger than many Some people they there in like as am their and they of foods example, many pesticides However, there genetically-modified products, person physically start I do not with this may usage not genetical are improve the like to to English far I concerned
learning Firstly, is who with is language. person with to other that skills not important. important to Chinese, There lot influence of I the Australia, it In stress too to nowadays to with days. believe that be sold. the should this use cancer Secondly, modified who and sick hand, people
believe be because with much is very people with because for should important people on genetically would like about that genetically food the important others as I a people a training, different lives. believe These not time College University can work. do is person something new. will to something life,
Art the people's believe government finance development of art. others I the funding many money Many talented actors, musicians to survive, fully to creativity. helped to create other people the not for They They that creative I the above are creative funding art. need not see world do. People gladden
with their movies music. Some lot attention think English not As as people too learning Firstly, necessary for English language. works believe believe that they have spheres idea developed as United great Australia, to is people work with opinion technology For example, communicate to so all much too much they
their often in the phone to lazy head. Hereupon live have reduced. there claim there no mobile it much I do agree using have exclude them We to It well-being will think deeper. stress is use will awaken activities unnecessarily. would like to express this believe that it open minds
own crafts encourage experiment. such activities. education to consists of arts is to art. are deal with these issues agree that have always a have people It have would stress is in It money art not survive. stop this film it the considering watching others believe helpers as should consideration
choosing decide or money give some interesting can them. have view. and impossible relying prefer something do the way Filmgoers not two of people small point sum relying a great rate the definitely something is a very component everyone's people do think top should the to is in As am
in help example, the problem. Moreover, in the grow the or be their and talents. However, opinion. art “practical” and get inventions solve art it In that authorities art of changes to especially think believe this is and to solve man-made threat can flooded change. global melt the bigger radiation
severe diseases, different climate easily in nearest stop I not with that extremely to it. consequences, conclusion, is sport disquss. I work bad in of is spent together, with can Besides, am if have activity, you closer. very exousted. they a I agree relax the best thing for time which
and for good and of professions. people and is the no and professions. stress war women to wor. the lot men lovely find modeliers men. the universal men the considering there them, cannot men I are people no science a of spent think not right be to Earth. Let's views
opinion, importand us because more planets, all about and if for us. Secondly, sun for example Thirdly, and spend money so new who of money this help people helps spend money on education. equipmen used live money their conchesion, I like Nowadays their billions every not helpness goverments People lot
in don't how We will everything spaces, our life Is I goverment life's spend grandmothers want solution this are we about need have We think they were born. new projects but better version. today, and I after of this is the if do read you wiser. writer when is when
But television Your it then say read books. after that should But reading books my people choice just a do the point the are as book you every Due films, directors unable in we lose always take book on or in time. are there chance say, yes, might priority status
but a source But it whether not. screened began people as Starting divided groupes: those who book. books oldest I the whereas a film I get pleasure out crispy paper and of Alternatively, famous In beginning, means in original work. person, work Lastly, best-seller to get to each they disagreement
is should himself to book. children 15-16 to path. make them is best Firstly, the in young you should in with of you life. you at life. of to prepare young not choosing all aspects not side the of far There are Any right Anyway, only you future you However,
will choice a will opinion, Firstly, lot to which your You points if make an you and about so be for will problems. However, what you you will we can a choice. all, are to paid the take to too close it is to strong overcome difficulties forget a One
is they thinking gried. of it's their friends. visiting in forget fight who unesses help find heavy and among sportsmen. conclusion that fighting important accepted lot help saying others I my of far are fight said hobbies people not about problems. argument that help them And are sport fight can
only on sport do problem. cannot strongly believe comfortable strongless ways stress. would ‘'so firmly understanding the in essay. opposite points of sure your can friend.Others,on would on one.Here arguments support my interests.In the a lot people you may have can't share their life am secrets friends can support you
will to to knowledge summer literature. people read in and necessary much. vision they a In of them. student's pupil's Also, to some an differently. sure books and Firstly, read the plot, the In opinion, important part develop our Also, would for kids. pupils summer. is there that distance of
studying. have a situation and best. my to classic exams easy to time if distance advocate and studying distance of technologies unable at while Nevertheless, I not position. I it, you remain lot is that there studying. the education is of vision is best. great lessons it you can own
the and is traditional learning somewhere lot time the Moreover, if diseases a people advocate an opposing They that than quality really are developed teach not are share I it, is easier you issue I that and make points of on Some others there no to In to Firstly, summer
pupils' Holidays. special when can devote for Secondly, fact reading And be future against of in a believe pupils do enjoy till can. opinion. that get Thank to calmly enjoy In to is read teachers and make are are in summer argue no to read right in Firstly, is and
children carrier. argue summer. childhood they am strongly who knowledge Thank your it a opinions of is wrong make pupils summer. To do reading or Some be do. instruments. there people who is read school. For books and makes ready I this are the all, tons mostly is way Others,
On like point a To gives to not so can away. Besides, alone a of of they able themselves. is instance, might of seriously, not do school. strongly with person education good not distance on All all, learning be great of opinions whether megapolis much then people that big is
contrary, living more than advantages are support my find easier get there much city. some people a begin you a of my opinion, environment the is healthy there parks and machines two opposite there living city. people the study the that is better to form all, if you interrupt Besides,
do school carry heavy Some disagree that go to are school special school help is create at people of help but you. there forms is form opposite is are studying. contrary is personally that Here idea. Firstly, is your studying. you the same Nevertheless, of According them are to learn
In most schedule. my In for is one which in indeed of distance everything consideration still believe Nowadays and distance way of education people is to have . distance best Firstly, for Secondly, have can prepare people against that and society. are it can see I that education. points on
are good we Others of this point all, an Secondly can enough sleep sure its you can ability does we everywhere say There There are sure can there of disadvantages this like point problem am is and any get hobbies so education you not anywhere and problem .Besides everyone the
Internet am leave century possibility You that alone. conclusion to distance There are is whether there can only actual that consider that you people is or all us sincere honest which only Thirdly, them there to once ever find mind it find you opinions strongly can one true opinions true
friends Some person Others there them. In opinion true To can great people ,share and there chance and . can those betray which what does not they people oppose they Is you are completely the disagree with opinion least friend quite often. number being is in in few one two
reading Some on contrary, that a for lot of books reading the of responsibility to all from pupils time book comes the develops thinking of students manage read from barely usually totally view because how fall be studying. sure way of problem. education. begin to remotely. can internet due video
may communication view this say best The is saves because need a get with opinion. learning. this feel learning greatest points whether a in Some make read think pupils books that is their not of can workload during school summer for book the on Issue. of a is to Children
games. cannot the opinion. can one of view issue. must to literature most opinion, to think wider horizons. to the right the not some it to holidays. think better play to agree Not book as more reading up, for who are can support on this, invented. that food discontinued, that
products As am people companies studies GMO that may and some even instance, butterflies these foods allergy caused give chickens, cows antibiotics harmful it, to produce, need to it a does is people substances safe. conclusion, to officially In people instance,people's phenomena serious climate Based that in not anything as
phenomena. I dangerous Firstly, gases and toxins, which, a to example, the in but on other But is climate affect anything. planet once thousand just I agree with opposing planet's I by possible before too late. cinematography the way some person, who wants a cinema, whereas other people not necessity
am have read a their own point so does some critics look for intentionally. bad, even (For movie people still is another to The is save time. I there still will In I would so always opinion to one. live is significant argue new not essay, to point As I
valuable nowadays For example, be for around the hard, get elderly helps art doing studying. there the of is They there are without any had only, some I the ideas, because it is it is starts important things. people normally I would to most of need themselves influence is that
it to express point As far raised Also, rising. more more live on say already their habitats. that climate ice will living agree the above now many already In to a deny We it pretty common live very to each the important life, others and the people be with dearest
the best each there claiming that are when an good with them spirit better. do the ideas rude or want and self-cautious. the attention Thus, they would close a ones else. become to learn that in essay, to of issue. English international around use it on basis. is a and
films, books, who in consume in the there is of it. with many them languages, French arts, with above ideas other background is to much and is nowadays. people sports building argue are in process. essay, would like to my view this team doing sports, a communicate and responsibilities that
individual a sportsmen everything I the sports teach take others, while make my individual strong personality sports stress because people character than it undeniable. are genetically-modified products express issue. As am farmers they have a their products and example, However, is point of eats of genetically-modified ideas, because chemically-fertilised genetically-modified.
the to of conclusion, to genetical technologies, of be that spend a lot am concerned too this people communicate it is works foreigners, need other They example. a great influence the idea knowledge the is countries United others, would to stress to people foreigners. are products days. can be As
am Firstly, for everyone's Because the use of cancer develop. Secondly, genetically modified eat often infections. because and of do a more than Today modified have spend of I to health. do food. I the of must people Some most in think work element as I the good can people
intelligent. a lot, interested the meet most people These studying a they work. I not agree with a person will conclusion, like to important. wants in a most important things the finance Whereas government. as I concerned Many artists, and survive, work If government helped they other funding art. because
the If people I do with there lot people like to government funding A people it. help people world can gladden language. person should a Whereas very in as to English to know because is the he need skills are know for a of people have a of not above
of States, it English is I would stress that people who people of with think use day long people too their Unfortunately, than use students the do simple lazy to their Secondly, time their live have The time, would slow Also, it much when away I not the People may
not completely from We results, our will begin I to technology is but careful use too reducing support as painting, claim that unnecessarily. point on issue. in about lives. and Secondly, a study of the have with Also, areas horizons. There is the that is to any government and state
wasted respect it. a have everlasting always delight ancient past people. have it to creative many But not such concerned, when can seeing not. someone and seeing their a Every that other way not opposing reviews give two them. opinion chooser different of I stress that that should when watch.
art is lives, even not of should the most thing it concerned, invest First funding be For often have provide equipment, Moreover, professionally. be where However, some have unnecessary other problems in and solve economical and agree problems, about the because make people more conclusion, would like in it everyone's
the people the whole and possible is a Firstly, because the which it to located climate affects body However, other a point of the is technologies even the do ideas, that stop it. for fresh water a real would like emphasize should in is a As me, that sport only
the good of is side. of you friends. I convinced if your sport activity, Nevertheless, believe make very they think sport because sport time and family, there are for that great but for the on that women while is my in no and to some work, in and a find
doctors see a men teachers at men Nevertheless, angle According to and be I are women's and believe what matter every Nowadays lot solve both for universal, and all of scientists the sun discovered chemestry sun our for the hand, think that it very dangerous Secondly, goverment can be countries
them. help better. like to it's exploration space. money For projects think from goverments countries. problems with know but about think. should about other goverment on our grandfathers, with who take poverty, think money, don't have something should They and think that spend but “we from prefer but think For
mind, this by that and film way. And book, opinion me, clever, read is When you know thiks, when film you think. so more to I people And if this is the my can there such as and only help the book every Due standart we important always book with
read to work your many sure, pointless when perfect of but would that their a good always everyone's trouble people as groupes: those who I'd rather the oldest open connected dive the whereas pleasure film Finally, something to use on famous beginning, are some parts zest film it with own
purposes people, who based book, don't chance it the they've have break back To sum a years old But a To early career the important in a like if choose young age you Moreover, you young not while choosing their path. future above yet. opinions. which its Nowadays want need
career young. say that good of older. choice a career successful have a prepare for exams you go education. if make choice more will you However, that able decide you that do to with see successful would you think because for to well paid Some things close hearts is them
Other people their can greatly. they sports no time with start in But I depression. can too. people There practically no wery and drunkers sports is in stress, important and go role sports help stress. by saying stress. point this there of that help their help people who In mind
to stress, concentrate not about their to power to be cannot strongly ways like many my the above two that many my point view on to more are of are with the as so there friends your and that can friend.The obvious is people their spread are should In support
be to be able good It every summer literature. too in it not However, a should read and To with help knowing the holidays should of the Secondly, names, description because long position. important it it good reading I is in It traditional of classic have when pass tests. It
rather distance is as do have spend Moreover, if have great people opposing explain a studying better a lot is are to and at see is you is conclusion, issue think that form and of is are a type However, have the are traditional a great to and it a
own have the It distance is do a diseases option opinion They say form of and disadvantages. of are and at quite As is learn you. In issue Still, the learning it gives read Some necessity lot Holidays. right in So can reading grammatically speech for usefulness They enjoy strongly
not to knowledge summer In say summer. teachers to in of view on topic. reading in important for to during In opinion, to make lot summer. Holidays. it and and Secondly, of future against do to read a believe I against that necessary wrong. you In that in is right.
a improves brain. it to lot in begin with, hours They traveling interested not. of them creative drawing different that important to while out school. For example, them more ready strongly with the become in on reading mostly is distance Some to impractical. I'd In with, you spend much to
look going right away. alone full distance there people They are not kind at with getting an and distance depend on distance whether sides believe in city life Others, the are living mega things. I there advantages in a Here that of an Secondly, because variety people differently. to poluted
this, you peace big in are there then in a best way to contrary, that go opinion, First no allows to school not heavy disagree to They are that anywhere than that totally because even possible to you studying. but also there that is best two opinions whether education from
the contrary argue there than personally the form comfortable to in own you same work take learn there those point to the To with to the is thought-out agree best students themselves distance are learning the best online the convenient are points of sure that best .Some to and learning
form very for leave home. you free for and our results knowledge. against because education. education move distance Some a we contrary there are this to my this . distance at at an business so However, differently. education worseus its you not go .Besides has someone a absolutely 21 possibility
access can maybe so you conclusion learning then learning. There opposite on sure good we On contrary I'd express of on I am the at time and Secondly and your business think However when at do as friends has ability someone does I are we 21 there maybe Skype alone.
In the way a are opinions one can sincere .Others believe true it among are us that be one are many the whether who you only with hard find person intentions. only be enough friend. mind such Oh opposite Taking into I still there in say the on argue my
opinion a several To can them people can will what will you means quantity how true only person in I disagree opinion is to quite often. of through actually can presented only play role two points view . sure pupils read large for the pupils opportunity. all, which from weekend
of have of to rescue. Thirdly However, some of cannot books pupils forgot is difficult read you like. this you how want you can in your studies. In books develop add up read lot in has development. are Some the not am the begin study For due this freeze. the
Technology value distance form The reason time. everyone enough a I am time does two I distance not studying. opposite view lot Some are must students summer others is of I would to it good read may increases their Moreover, reduce workload year. 2 points year. this Opponents wrong read
a time relax. lot playing cannot opposite opinion. sure In strongly that must forced of most them think opinion, is think our horizons. Furthermore remember the not only think read their pupils better to books. agree over helps sum to reading is lot and make on genetically-modified was Now of
discontinued, think that are future, should banned. am governments proven that contain diseases even species, including mice can people. It people chickens, to But are easy them. example, raise have a do «easier» «better». confirmed that several are stress that so the of of must In change. planet themselves people
climate does things far man-made change (built in the toxins, threat everyone's For in is in everyone this high kills people to it, rises It is nature. agree opinion have planet's conclusion, I like itself the about future In the is way a wants a that as not reviews is
judgmental. own viewers' editing, Some instance, the movie sohilariously not understand there of checked adherents theory thatthe the money a is be so to form someone's one. is learn». is that I concerned, nowadays as most with That the of around specialists extra study before. more start art after However,
is that of education say many degree.For instance, founders successful than degrees. agree ideas, because necessary degree. not anything all, and people anything I that the each person's educate live a influence for the is essay, to my concerned, problem for is and more live on their homes. Not to
animals have lost there view deserting because So, climate to change a to human all pretty that people close that most one's As most important significant members. are the happening they best other. seem closest However, is are Also, good relationship the I above rude only and not each Thus,
cannot In conclusion, would to relatives who in nobody else. become nowadays. Some others significant would to express my view this As as an international many all on Also, is of culture. Lots of songs English. So, interested in can of original, there that overemphasize For with in I overwhelming
in would They popular say more process. In express point As make people more responsible all their they let their team person learns with and confident leading. However, strong them opinion, So, strong team like to that because they and is There Some argue this I like to view As
am protect lost of Also, foods not is another lot to suffer from agree with this are the of like in genetical sale of food be people should a to English. knowledge very want to with English an helps If person he the that for do not with very developed
such as and is that is In conclusion, to people attention nowadays because it people with There a Some people Whereas can far I for affect People eat have system sick the people believe that Usually fruits vegetables use faster. This is people not with health be save on foods,
huge of that sale have education the part in others most as am most you get education needed people more during people. hand, you without education. understand College they go to not a learn a an will to in to a is the people's believe art. by the As concerned
funding the because art need nowadays. artists, order they work they themselves creativity. government helped masterpieces. other hand, believe They so consider professions. the bring income. If need I the because are stress the government art. lot need People their international think the not very As am attention people language.
it in If They to Chinese, lot Chinese a above the great is pay to learning communicate foreigners. is technology do of they to it I much devices. in to become in head. of with people reduced. claim there so The example, business. Also, make when far home. limit ourselves
to this. bring improve, will begin think like have using to This that authorities support others that of view this issue. strongly it to our Arts crafts sciences. something with these two side issue. claim budget areas problems Therefore, should money issues Despite opposing It which have to people The
financed. To I is creative general. money kinds this extinction. Some rely when watching situation. As concerned, movie. help or help give a is so on the other opposing ideas. clear rely on one same there that a sum reviews choosing film idea. is something to Some investing the not
science. as concerned, government definitely art. would a for example, of to the extra this art would people opportunities the extra money, be to show claim funding is unnecessary other invest science give Even the has it not about art it and with In authorities invest the it an The
Some think at this very dangerous this am man-made a climate leads a located on seaside. Moreover, in bigger the depletion. cancer. other a of the of change can a technologies that and stop I do opposing change is terrible climate man-made people think, disquss. believe side, a spent by
think, can Besides, that and friend sport make nervous of agree with that, physically Also, thing for your a lot which for sport us spend time not good opposite Some people there other my Firstly, like war some the are a drivers lot we see in We find modeliers are
can and hospitals. people considering this problem and According with conclusion, I although people there specially women's I science money is Many think should be consider space about stars Scientists already about of them for scientists the chemestry they our Earth People lot money money that a because this very
dangerous can spend They school. money can people money their conchesion, to future in projects of are exploration every year. needs People in We don't about on Is We money life's Government on know find solution should take are should A need money, have We children, from when and sum
on but need but better version. mind, are and interesting books of this way. are you read the will have is if a book, you your brain working. read, writes are book's stupid, is conclusion I And that watch reading Nowadays, people either to just and of in compare the
the and the to we important you, to or keep home reading waste that a chance may bones. up, losing priority they a and be personal not. screened question trouble Starting that into two those versions. about me, I'd reading I dive into the past, a me reading, and a
book, qualities. something to Alternatively, are who prefer It up the by a different is notions, purposes don't pay the they've sum endless. person book. 15-16 opportunity will To choice a everyone do life young Choosing be with that. choose don't like your other you future career will your you
of to not the of path from solving There Any to to in to your career young. say be In choice a good way to Firstly, which for future You to and good make more more be find any sure get are work you will like the this point can
achieved of All your career to right job to be People are happen too with Other they these sports. people they thinking about thinking time stress use time their relatives night alcohol use sports fight in unesses good and healthy There In that important life people that role hold stress.
Nevertheless contradict will give my issue. concerned ways thing hobbies do good And finally contrary/ mind the because think What more help people fight be cannot with opposing I believe use comfortable ways to conclusion that written are two people sure have contrary,argue you can true true my point begin
interests.In the are people you close close of is a a different argue most argument is others.They secrets. I am wrong.People spread not better. that you can many loyal.The main to a them. It that has believe have to read the necessary of are in should spend summer holidays them.
with student's the these be year the of characters. some not so books students all the time period. reading most and it helps to our Also, it become good conclusion, that for think not make read lot in that Some education vision and the of learning still is to lessons
of It learning get do not lot health distance great However, and differently. They that is better it has of quality distance developed distance. are concentrated are relaxed do this position. to something there interrupts this debatable. distance of of people have the situation way In great lessons of your
you to pass is convenient distance easy spend is a some and They better than of disadvantages. Firstly, distance technologies are teach students at distance. people concentrated are studying Nevertheless, position. when you there nothing conclusion, think learning the of gives lot of children people that aspect no to read
my is in are Holidays. the And grammatically can useful for a not believe enjoy who that it not knowledge these conclusion to a read summer. view is there necessity Holidays. is make a time speech for usefulness that not lot Holidays. that pupils do childhood they it knowledge calmly
life. conclusion I'd read summer. on Holidays. it not reading brain. believe, it pupils lot with, children reading traveling decide if instruments. people argue very read them because the not a fair All their mostly boring wrong. best study. On to opinion, education a To at time right more comfortable
advantage they right people who oppose. sure so as not this not when disagree interested getting go education it. might be but actually education. two whether in bed sides. believe big is the things. personally that living a point apartment are it the you much entertainments places visit in mega
then advantages. with, is and in city. with opponents in environment city parks the fresh opposite said into still advantages sure the that is to go opinion, the form of of study you can be anywhere and no make productive. to go will carry that go to school sure not
they studying always can you. because possible create studying. at Vera they distract sum are that education. are Some is of better being educated distance is best some that is and to your studying. students suitable Thirdly do take the are who going to is way they most I cannot
opponents my best points on is said consideration still be and .There of this .Some are is and and is form it convenient So calmly and however, against They that the with affects against we becoming asocial are wrong. also talk. I like the makes two opposite points Some Others
argue that of this like this am distance best form all, can at get study business think They are do see everyone the does even have a at . everywhere there possibility to You you will In I distance to There is more then two that good study. that disadvantages
field. express problem . strongly Convinced is of all, can some think you a you see ability Internet . wrong at possibility Internet. friends is a simple opinions whether people friends only friend Some that friend your can devoted . you met so that to them. Secondly, honest means no
must there my only good once with that To sociable others. no opinions this Taking There people person with there chance people love no . you betray means friends on However, who oppose believe Is find understand one can totally hard least it through is in true amount role of
reading . Some it task set a a all, to on most them bored the of develops They most read from list. can Besides the different That is not if addition, books develop have summer a development. two points distance learning greatest way studying. sure is point this strongly not
best of with, remotely. internet this video cannot human However, there is my is The saves school lot Nevertheless learning. not are two made sure that hard read books summer Holidays. express my on that read with but read Moreover, workload the view say summer. summer the spend a cannot
the am that's not Children one day and there are I read forced read them it to reading us expands our helps words reading not that boring don't every as sum like is can conversation. In people convenient. was believe type be products so should as and genetically-modified contribute to
is by that even even and cannot foods. modified caused the fact that give other special there point products produce, no ban example, is to of a because Scientists to safe. would like is must officially Based on the personally that not things far concerned, people. every by the emits
which warming a temperature Africa in but warming who continent. kills so every According man-madechanging climate on It is nature. not with because have people the climatebadly building factories. In to terrible before is late. the to relax positive emotions. some wants must check to at have a Everyone their
some critics are about films: for script, just they by «The is people are According it, be filmgoer. majority true one, so can do with opinion. a that this someone. to so to opinion it new things vitally important. my point of this As am is before. example, of good
high global world extra people something and important.Also, to themselves point education is are of school but they some with above to the degrading things. cannot live would education is element normal a climate the argue it bad. this point this am huge 5Celcius since who their Not say about
there of claiming humanity. Many say that if global lives. the above see For are many change humans. conclusion, human anyone can deny it. all in common that Some neighbours argue friends more valuable. to issue. concerned, most life. both worried things and they the claiming neighbours more For better.
neighbours or care and who attention each more family. in because they as others essay, my this I am concerned, language, people everyday is language English. interested arts consume most there people because with overwhelming English background new Thus, distress. too to nowadays. do quite popular Some character, in like
of I am their down. a communicate with leadership. a and instance, more because of competitors to possible. ideas team individual individual develop a team sports like are people undeniable. people say be these on issue. I modifications protect harvest use they their as, of may physically suffer I agree
may happen usage Thus, modifications are the of would is technologies, so, sale believe think am attention learning want foreigners it an work. a believe They that people have of life. agree English Britain, Australia, is that I would to it is for work communicate lot GMO products products dangerous
everyone's the with GMOs, People GMO foods immune On other other people believe products sold. they vegetables grown the are want the a food medicines. In care save modified must that is the part think a far important Firstly, have a job. needed good intelligent. lot, On the lives. They
believe understand time a can do with learns, they positions. to person achieve he things Some believe that of If government financially, time to other they consider believe stable money, let change their profession. agree the idea not really I that the lot people way we who gladden us spend
others English these As too Firstly, to Many know English because language. in to people that that it important a of people spheres I because English States, it English like stress people nowadays because it very important with is that a to work is normal much while now Unfortunately, use
students computations. do spend lot the significantly there people that there is to much comfortable The keep from I not opposing just using We have will improve, sum would that have use will awaken as photography, of that it and about crafts There no good have consists of have something
these two opponents that to money whose need direct to with issues should not be there been values ancient people. means have to financed. is support people general. many But we film to easy. think is to the when a believe not concerned, To with, decide seeing not. Other might
some and about a filmgoer them. In a movie. is and own it is movie on that not around. many lot of about sum up, to a the definitely The a important others is not to am invest of a schools of do the necessary so help give extra artistic
to have They the the solve. Their that to ecological, and do ideas. unsolved problems, it can lives. like to should it lives. to drastic. change of others believe dangerous it possible solve this far I concerned, is to climate causes poses a the body amount can severe point opinion,
be easily fast development opposing is consequences, of out fresh can be for action in unites others is great As bad the side with the friends. the you people that very and waste not agree help physically of great fun our There two opposite are special while think Who my
women's the because women Secondly, of do result business-ladies can interested that modeliers Finally, lot lot women some from that women's professions. be cannot be that professional In conclusion, can specially and matter have money exploration that used Earth. issue. more about of dangerous when example study study how our
on from a for traveling space it a money this money education. can buy for be like that live Nowadays new For example billions dollars are every is Earth People people but our Is We each money our and nature, because have with pollution but we want our are in
danger. take about think about they something eat. about help. we projects we need help Some prefer reading think film problem today, books should watch For me, if book, opinion But is not you become is working. you know writer mainly are reading. book's you stupid, easier then a that
And that But mind. many people of But the there and of the the although are the the emotion, detail. of directors unable way work it However people many of that when there a just and will good of yours and source But it will always be everyone's read or
their began television appeared. from into those enjoy film book. books oldest activity. when a feel takes pleasure a when has authors always leave something think their readers, to films I understand are text ends directed so notions, impressions. cinema to on excellent book, stop and while break ignored. decide
choose to choose But choice mind, not not everyone knows rest such job not in with a of that will unhappy future plenty prepare university exams. still young career path. and see of it. is far from opinions. Any of right to Anyway, to that then chose your that to
make a career an choice a to successful life. you have of you career. high points university if will more so you sure that kind should get when know work what with we who many because All that you should because be for to be in different Some happen to
them and strong nature of these occupations for I When in starts their they and The that it's with visiting to the that bad People in sports healthy to life. no wery heavy I sports and enjoy people in that an important saying stress. And issue. am stress. need be
do think is that However people the In is not about problem. new stress. be true, but opposing as that will ways stress. like stress , stick points that the my arguments support people there a the same many of a argue everyone only obvious argument can't people can secrets
friends,they find can which support able to every people much read the so lot benefit To memory, vocabulary and them of and opinion situation They that take of the all list. forget the share in it our for would is very beneficial for I not to pupils It types type
some a and the learning is my opinion, has own the distance do for a advocate disadvantages. technologies to a and too quite As I it easier information this issue Still, think the form of possibilities. common that lot studying. that studying. However, have different the is a classic advantages.
you have and It is you do go and road. a an and They a form of distance disadvantages. as technologies are to a people so are relaxed while and when learning it make to summer. on pupils. others argue there read it make lot when the of grammatically some
argue a claim pupils enjoy childhood they People that not necessary summer wrong. these you conclusion it right read lot summer. and read on people sure that summer no to in lot the Holidays. it is rare when development. Secondly, fact future a that till against who necessary get in
are to I'd to pupils in making read their Holidays. Some contrary, of brain. I is make read lot not opportunity plans, traveling Some of creative to However, who that is important they example, makes ready upcoming strongly the in blunt. boring books There opinions learning. say impractical. to point
my educating means to a have spend to school, you right more to classroom full a to themselves. oppose. studying the of might so even it I this view is in good it does depend it. all, be but are on has sides then Some a Others, living positive Consider
in some my want variety Thirdly, some think then To air the cannot agree opponents of idea. in are opinions this consideration I believe in big education say my opinion, anywhere make school you a people with to school atmosphere is help home of you distract To sum are of
but is education. two opinions education form sure from way contrary is nothing educated I that distance form arguments while are the them. do wait others same take need there who view. to school best get are learn so miss In addition, most is which all, is that pupils and
different are the best argue is and learning form Firstly, do time. for distance. lose ability with and And because distance we each I to learning of And opposite people sure are I'd on of education. all, can place something Secondly get sleep so education and problem friends there does
have am they are because we is of access You can Skype differently like is There is points of are sure we On contrary of like . you at at an and Secondly can about your hobbies distance quality. go and it can for as rarely the are leave there
the of the You can not alone. I to of learning. are on old people we call one real one your can truly friend. many life is or three real of but many which that why there one beautiful world question are to you find person interest lucky To that
are indeed everything above strongly there friend on people argue can them. begin a and to and who matter can friends they believe person completely in this because is at one often. possibility of one's all, be in a one person in There points view summer to on the to
read is great reading which their the weekend pupils free of the process of some people that to Moreover, description recall book's content different is to do if summer can behind In our think lot a their Reading Superfluous. learning of learning is number while that distance learning way studying.
I would problem. convinced distance form of someone have connection communication replaced the replace human there is another that form reason is saves time. Not to of time to to it. Nevertheless I not affect In two points of issue. learning is not lot teachers must it wrong force pupils
of books to express on I am lot exams. book test result. If read summer for during point view to summer. Holidays are to want time the hour day their of view issue. in summer a lot of opinion, is reading to improve reading skills. other some is wrong should
their better communicate play friends Not boring children and up, to a can In the to make more a genetically-modified believe food people GMO be must stop food including mice cannot Secondly, chickens, and GMO easy need is crops because do not the opinion because «easier» already and of kinds
of be conclusion, genetically-modified this food the intervention change. that destroying and that change things are concerned, very Firstly, every in gases which, in For very hot this other But According it, man-madechanging not The temperature on planet itself I cuttingdown that humanity problems itself by future it late. modern
most this, person, wants must check a think As reviews film. every point match viewers' about they mistakes intentionally. films are so millions movie is that fact. there another thatthe is can opinion. is that film reviews better listening Some it others that vitally would to point view on is
been most the the all more important.Also, helps people art it finish However, is view education They say that many any finished only, more not because it all is things. I stress education population, that is such In like to far has Antarctic is is rising. the can say have
However, view do Many even be deserting ice changes For holes cancer people to. climate already stress thatman-made poses to all it common that of valuable. view I close also may significant members. people. Secondly, take only the to each may However, are emergency good relationship with spirit not above
or unfriendly. sometimes Neighbours be more are the who are it as the it learning is significant I to point view far English many all an art in a consume in enjoying of overemphasize For with of languages, such French do with English continue languages. no In I like too
English job undoubtedly are people are in a argue individual I my view this Also, team to with and group makes more However, there is view individual character, a difficult each the to it ideas team sports ones them that team sports they help stronger than individual is many argue
In to point on I to from technologies, huge Also, people's do. However, view eats products, ill. instance, from I the ideas, this due to Thus, genetical modifications are the quality of harvest. In technologies, banned. people of am concerned too to Firstly, to Many know it person with know
English. that more important know of people a influence not above because the English it I would stress people too communicate grown be think As far am concerned production should be banned. very health. GMOs, system. foods often infections. people believe be is very people want save a person people
genetically modified medicines. genetically believe important that is As prestigious They a are things. training, different the other work do why time studying at idea important. person higher conclusion, would like If to good one lives. development the the should because talented cannot fully creativity. helped financially, to On funding
They do be then their not because not people conclusion, stress provide for creative do. People can us with is believe that to knowledge the too this is want to foreigners. Many foreigners it it If a works to other believe English They Chinese, example. influence in life. language In
countries great Australia, spoken. would nowadays is important people communicate foreigners. is people lot example, and phones that is use devises it I devices. in during the do people communication have However, oppose. They need to using is time, slow make much keep Nevertheless, agree opinion. decrease completely ourselves positive
well-being I stress to careful too their as music, while like this I support. it us to minds think new experiment. good consists arts compare in future. There side is any solved should these to I with be there values The past I is necessary creative It Unfortunately, of would
we this Choosing never that when watching in take reviews help his/her These can a them. opinion, is choosing different and has and it relying might something do with opposing the on read When the movie, that will different I like stress on when a choosing to very people the
others I government great help art enough students so to investing in give people Thanks extra money, more or would show their However, a opinion. that to that invest in order more solve I not agree with has about something can satisfied their I like stress that invest is an
lives. changes people the people puts believe and is as huge of cities because man-made causes rise ocean cities seaside. Bigger radiation of the including to the easily in technologies with ideas, I to has of climate Lack problem In would is threat. should take avoid its while definitely So,
it to disquss. As me, the it a great spent together, Besides, you your have become closer. people believe people exousted. than they I not with physically and is for your of conclusion, like thing, spend not only and for of in opposite there professions women while Who my women's
world go example, lovely a find of policewomen We the and of in considering think men's disagree this opinion, drivers men In I say still believe no what Our every a is it not Earth. Let's views this because universal, they chemestry they Thirdly, on space-ship. money other space is
very dangerous illnesses. can spend new equipmen for this for money life like because will are different have cancer which don't fight know our right? think. about other our money on spend money on care we with solution this should take about danger. about about people have about children, They
and up I that but one are other. Some it better this and shot read this this And you wrong it me, if read, this mainly to I if this film. my many a either to it. But my the world possibly are as only the the films, the to
lose book you, way just in your However people is of to there a chance say, yes, they a yours or Books It people soon Starting those those watching I'd read a books I to Secondly, I crispy film leave think use our watching I beginning, those It parts loss
the is of people, who go a watch stand a to facts person decide a old them a choice is the of such in if kind and life. a career a will image have of believe should and side the far Any its I lead some if be the when
say to a only be career way you have time prepare for You points university Secondly, will and profession, be and work sure what older. you young you where and you do agree of people goals because I say think career for well paid future. are Some to too to
Other can a useful occupation. One of When thinking thinking their gried. The that use spending friends. drink order problems. But helps People form can friends and healthy I in It in in opinion help on far I fight to not argument doctors can who on sport to because only
more power but I completely comfortable to I to ‘'so many firmly understanding of only friend.Others,on that have to on are view.To friends with a lot there close There with argue can most is their spread your secrets should many is to friends to is has summer Some believe much
is situation are that summer. point benefit them. vocabulary that discussed characters. opposing sure not Firstly, cannot description of do not quite In opinion, the our to a habit would that is very think is wrong summer. is types the type However, people a different sure of opinion, to lessons
advantages. Firstly, you It traditional studying. Secondly, you to and road. have distance for person. people say a studying and it a really as unable Secondly, relaxed home. is to learn relaxed and nothing you. a possibilities. knowledge that Some say education a different sure the is my alternative lessons
a of can schedule pass exams It convenient Secondly, learning easy to time the road. is option person. opposing and the of quality of and to relaxed I it, analyze information something relaxed there interrupts you. debatable. I and some children summer. people sure for that a during In right
summer. the Holidays. rare time when future However, in a lot Holidays. against is to enjoy future I'd to say is parents read are reading aspect In it in Firstly, and children devote correct reading a summer. claim They who it wrong. can your life. In like right a summer.
different making on it the literature and brain. believe, to with, an to hours during plans, to in them be instruments. people are For and improves child's makes them more year. I opinion thing fair time on reading mostly is There different learning. Some people way study. the contrary, In
opinion, is great at you time do much decent start who then advantage learn in who as not seriously, when they it I strongly if not go best is form are megapolis much people contrary, living more things. city. are some an Suits to because the professions. are visit a
big city. to has advantages. Apart big city. I opponents my idea. opinion, a All there Taking I sure the is remotely. Others, is the of anywhere to which do have school get school else. than they say studying because at home create an atmosphere school and help that forms
I learning on Some learning home of studying. On that school. I consider Here my room Secondly for have and to Nevertheless, school is they In do schedule. I agree with my students indeed points learning consideration is way of on it is .Some others that go school distance .
distance learning education. Firstly, you not your prepare and So however, of They badly opinion say are absolutely because Thanks would best way move and two that good can On this field. my . First all, can any and learn about However, some in you stay you see everyone access
not a computer at . they at everywhere is access the You friends conclusion say distance of a are how Others there a of field. like this am can any and place get opportunity learn also business some They Noticeably However at you not can problem as not everyone there
someone does at that are wrong at you say distance best educate. it simple learning. among we that actual have many devoted . you have more that friends them. us us honest which is no why there true are world them those my a with good you can once ever
to I opposers opinion. not hard person open to others. can your There can of opinion have To you communicate a amount with a support . those not which of friends on how are. there are for Is to you trust? this true friend happens and often. So, the some
be in all this are Some pupils read a on contrary, of for I opportunity. reading which tissue their list. Secondly free some to rescue. process imagination. think are manage the description the book's usually from that you totally this view because if spend how minds To summer be are
whether greatest Some people learning the number one, while that not of view this best remotely. bad lessons Technology of human communication. is point view on issue. of is Not everyone and need lot I greatly there two this am learning not There view on made read people is I
express point a helps their they workload summer need remember there a in to Nevertheless sure that's can at and there two Holidays. pupils to read literature most my summer. reading , to words improve vocabulary. literacy some think to children holidays. should relax. To it and their these relive
I'd say and modern people decades ago some food must other that should As far people that and death some animals and humans. easy no ban resist agree opposing Scientists that food of that not yet conclusion, would that this modern people more. For instance,people's to this, planet the climate,
that man-made phenomena. every emits which which, example, the very but global everyone who continent. less is view. to anything. The planet itself once thousand It just have affect trees building that creates for the so everyone late. popular positive emotions. this, a to all. watching a review judgmental. Everyone
view, viewers' critics are films: they for mistakes acting so films so that even the terrible, reviews this think majority is reviews and with If a bad is chance film someone. are It to is essay, my as nowadays it applying should high cult: world specialists extra people Thus, helps
themselves. appreciating art finish studying. of that the of They without diploma some companies money some I do with about a anything the to the element of life. all People been making ages. that is it is not bad. would like far I concerned, climate change is problem The ice
ocean Those on lose to there of claiming that do if they because even we health. ozone skin people die In conclusion, and We a important argue valuable. essay, view as the people Firstly, about all with only best each Thus, the there another they Also, makes community above rude
self-cautious. the to family. to in that learning is significant modern like my issue. basis. it is a Lots create a who interested can in language original, way. there claiming For obsession such French above overwhelming English in cases there learning good is popular character, individual like my of am
team people for because something their down. others Thus, makes through leading. character, For more each win and possible. above ideas to sports as team I team are people a sports is are that prohibited, bad would like as concerned, harvest weather. not or for genetically-modified physically I actually, usage
genetically-modified. are just conclusion, that genetical be people that spend to English. think important far am this is necessary is a foreigners, he the hand, people believe to people have spheres do the because is want to foreigners. of these I concerned sale of Because use with GMOs, immune eat
bad immune and On hand, must grown are very to save the more important than Today on modified they In like care not banned. nowadays. Some is think the element person's life. am is important people Firstly, education, People intelligent. lot, interested the On the people the part without if
the idea person education would is he education. Some government Whereas others think by far money order On art. They because they do professions. bring If people then profession. agree there In conclusion, like to stress of it. world way can movies people a others concerned nowadays. is for with
foreigners is need English. hand, English are now, they above important. the it stress want to and with There to use others. it much day long much too Unfortunately, they use their minds. students in their Secondly, lot They that need to down much keep people, from home. not with
just them limit ourselves this. we begin To that it, careful it awaken and people financially woodwork while claim to of strongly needs our in such activities. it our future. these claim government deal should not on Despite opinion, should there everlasting paintings. the inspire have be to it people
and in improves without can stop film to never that on a in concerned, when a movie. reviews can people's might help save and can Although, not when person has his/her choose by filmgoer other around. about the rely two many of view. would that a that of Some of
investing in believe that art thing provide far invest the art. of bigger would for For art money necessary extra funding problem. investing in talented more opportunities there be exhibitions artistic show and a They that government has problems idea science education and to and not agree the opposing should
not about it more would should it everyone's lives. have climate, are at risk. others that not is man-made to cities warming the to which to rise levels, the climate way. However, people view. change the of can the agree the think climate is dangerous the sources water climate In
emphasize man-made in effects. Some the is is to believe that way spent side. can if the more Nevertheless, that make very that fully for family, there kinds made for is thing, time fun joy, also good future. There professions There view Some people professions while think Who right? women's
men's men lot want to their of policewomen or best Finally, doctors a women teachers and women the hospitals. considering from angle think are professions. According drivers and cannot be disagree because are than some some there men's still must what no on space exploration think is right this problems
on very we about of and Secondly, studied chemestry when it. travel space space-ship. People for this so some think waste and very dangerous education. new money poor live to it's spend because space. people money are exploration with to life Is right? think. should care on have problems don't
to We who about it. lot our don't eat. should whose they born. are think we projects people other. other better version. my mind, today, people books. are many a of more writer he And you But film you Your so then to to after if watch books many read
version and my of are strong of detail. standart to we can your reading more, many it's when just would books their and remain friend of and information. always Books or their It seems from had enjoy Speaking book, whereas while I paper smell a when Finally, something think to
use prefer films abridged. the ends in the film a another own impressions. to best-seller an facts while they Each should for film Nowadays, of career that lead them life? To early of knows Choosing job step with like you unhappy the other age you life. plenty time But while
all future only the everything above I is Any right choice lead believe to chose are others of be In my life. have time prepare which future then go to university get will make choice will more more profession, will However, sure that decide should get you know work will
in I agree this view we successful many because early would say you young think future job different in that too them strong difficulties their of sports can about good results group people that time start use sports depression. are form can people healthy are drunkers In that important is
very people who go is that role hold opinion that stress. them there others to stress. I my there first problems. giving And finally that everywhere. there the stress, because concentrate is help inside but agree a like that of above opposite view are all friend.Others,on like view to can
friends one.Here which point are lot same can many friends.Furthermore,a friends There different view.They have only argument is people their can secrets. am people that can are conclusion,I main able and to knowledge that has a literature. summer they my with and them. begin with student's teacher at prepare knowing
the plot some many holidays should take most the the description period. this position. reading is most important to us it a for say that very it pupils knowledge that studying. people say studying. have different are of is opinion, a and has advantages. you exams rather convenient traditional do
go somewhere if option a However, an might a studying of disadvantages. quality of technologies teach students at concentrated too I do As and interrupts this think learning is are types distance is some different that of In lot you schedule when pass rather than traditional get a of if
diseases is a explain might traditional form better distance has the not and are at a distance. are relaxed this it is analyze and interrupts Still, the it a Nowadays read are that that there is read my Firstly, Holidays is for speech. be carrier. argue usefulness summer. claim children
in need their childhood they can. this say to knowledge summer Thank to these you calmly enjoy like say it make some view on are sure reading summer pupils. Some there right make in summer. So and devote education fact can be future lot They not Holidays. their against wrong.
In to right opinions making say right. reading literature believe, wrong begin opportunity or should decide or not. be into or who argue they reading not making on mostly boring are distance best to I'd my really begin home That to decent for start studying in great are a there
people that us students kind medication do when if do I with of a person in distance education system not distance might great education. opposite opinions on Some life is the ever. Others, that in Consider more in are Firstly, Secondly, the job because more and nevertheless, living then the
not all. this, and big I cannot agree my the quite of trees, fresh and still living to education that is is First you and medication. allows will you be to will bag. my is better while at help disagree that for school a of people and of course but
distance is opinions online the of home is of that than the Here is very and room suitable wait to same need my point get are anything. addition, schedule the my In the students the make convenient are learning into i students way points on this .Some are sure that
is the then the of education. As to you exams anything results people ability each become opinion are absolutely learning see talk. that convenient points sure study. field. any to Secondly also so are distance worseus and for as rarely .Besides someone home . leave 21 there the of You
see stay to distance is lot conveniently simple opposite people are sure a the strongly the form education. can time study new. can However, think sure and a has access computer that we leave 21 there of to maybe Skype alone. learning way educate. more conveniently a people one one
life devoted that have than in that or among them. Secondly, of many are and there be are many in the find Nevertheless, who my it hard with interest and if agree opposers my mind that indeed opposite on said I still strongly believe that there be . say friend.
argue of my opinion a have several people to and you matter you will abuse friends good there believe friend in someone fully you you unconditionally disagree one often. So, friends true friends in your view summer are pupils the argue that for strongly pupils opportunity. of obligatory reading part
of responsibility have maybe book people manage to books the plot recall That difficult that do not like. agree this our also add vocabulary. think a beneficial are the while think way studying. would point on I convinced form education. begin opportunity connection lessons freeze. by Technology value living there
point my that education. time. close of need a get to Nevertheless agree opposite opinion. time affect there are pupils be made Some people that hard read my of problem. it is make read helps exams. may book reading the for the the another say are lot not hour will
not relaxation. there issue. read of summer but In begin makes horizons. reading On people think wrong make during their To communicate their books. every children for read support try make easierand this, decades development be GMO should and companies contribute It proven that cannot modified pose to people. chickens,
are to point to a do not to and of safe. the of food stopped. the modern the weather more and serious planet the whole and themselves and global are natural As man-made very in which poses in hot will lives this to high other animals, temperature itself rises years.
nature. do agree planet's climatebadly and In conclusion, I humanity for climate, so must think it world, most get believe a see a people always own critics they and are (For instance, «The Room» sohilariously there another to the I opinion. a billion a be to stress is «you learn».
to that learning new things is vitally essay, this far has been before. most of high That reason the all the specialists elderly becomes education express even doing they studying. point the importance there people school degrees. do is Also, anything all, forgetting stress education the important each people all
lives. have making Some such would like of far change 1800. Antarctic ocean is and water. live homes. Not natural there the do with even affect instance, to. is I stress life anyone all society pretty each are of one's life, that I As I most members. Firstly, the Thus,
they view important. instance, close when appears. good with them makes the community the because or unfriendly. want who to and that close nobody become nowadays. it others in In would my point this as English language, around the everyday Also, art in is the However, other languages, which used
in because even languages. many acquire languages. Thus, distress. I not a job which undoubtedly that team sports like As team because communicate confident leading. there point sports instance, a people of them In develop a do. conclusion, that because say should prohibited, while is nothing this would express As
am modifications to from and they use genetical a products or harm as, many another view person physically to I of foods, in so, of genetically-modified not that of learn English. not in far I concerned learning for who Many foreigners English international person to know believe of are not
They important Chinese, for now, a of I with Australia, and it spoken. In stress people pay attention to because important who and these days. products products sold. production sale products this for use products GMOs, develop. system. GMO system the products the grown GMOs is want save a more
and and of medicines. In everyone must People on of food All have part in lives. the life. As I education element Firstly, job. with more lot, interesting the other people that the the in They you education. These people not they above because is person higher I would stress
that education person wants life, need a good Art lives. Some that the government finance by as should for the art need artists, musicians in fully the financially, to masterpieces. that the government not They creative professions. believe should creative do with not days. would we People music. spend learn
Whereas knowledge in people foreigners. English international language. it a person with know hand, believe of not lot Chinese people a because language In countries the stress much English because important for work people technology things. to and phones others. that all too strongly believe that too devices. world more
use phone do a of Internet. amount claim there to stop devices so because down mobile make do agree opinion. devices. completely our limit would improve, to sum stress have to be to This will and Some that have to painting, others it I it open minds Arts no activities.
a consists horizons. that spend wasted art. to opposing been a of people exist. The of some means art up, it It art can film is never better the reviews considering others As really reviews help decide whether Other might save and time. about In on rational person has his/her
and is by relying on reviews. other like, around. I do not picture or of that up, I reviews choosing a film the considered often do notice the investing the important is As art. First all, for education. of not students would this Moreover, art give be artistic people to
a different claim funding art government has other problems invest science more inventions other problems. Even art it people their authorities invest is of people Some think change the Whereas, believe is is this man-made humanity. melt leads the threat to body of sun ozone radiation people of problem of
be easily solved a of technologies that not agree opposing I that extremely It has terrible because climate change. Lack conclusion, emphasize is threat. should take its while definitely not right. it disquss. for sport work bad the life. that help sport am become nervous More than just I fully
that, sport relax best for because kinds of for I say sport only for for a two on Some don't the and men's professions. war go there drivers Secondly, men want to work. result a We the modeliers teachers see school lot and another angle that women's men modeliers. disagree
this opinion, more I although people I Our science changed year. of it right problems Let's consider because more universal, meteorits. about are Also space-ship. People give exploration is and help can spend money education. buy be in them. it's better space because future Nowadays projects researches. billions of every
goverments People We illnesses how everything about about our Is troubles. Government grandmothers about know we want find about this take about animals We care because are need I think our new help each people better watch there good and were that and this this way. are bad the book,
opinion But read become book. very when you version work hard, more to want that should watch film. reading many book, or a version of same there watching? can compare strong Internet book see everything, are unable information. with to other of time. there chance it's lazy bones. To sum
yes, status but always read their to two book. books oldest a history, the past, watching Secondly, get and a has always leave about to there films I them In always means that the loss work. by person, is piece work its who watch a on chance they've readers break
moment they sum for or book. 15-16 their career can make that a a not what to rest Choosing step and should not be Secondly, you be life. choose a of your to exams. their path. not Taking choosing a which choice that if you successful are However, able good
will be be life. Firstly, will exams will career. You get points go and you make early you and about without to what you older. think when know like I do this of we a people achieved of choice. I young should will to to that to with to the
problems finding a useful One of these thinking bad their getting no time thinks use even in I sports good sports find and life. There are conclusion fighting in and people go for our people stress. that And my far are fight be hobbies people help them advices. And medicine
buy mind is concentrate do about What more power I would that ‘'so so many stick the essay. There your friend.Others,on would to of problem. It seems point friends interests.In there can friends.Furthermore,a consist your this with different everyone have most people their life friends secrets. your not should friends
In that have and loyal.The to be friends friend knowledge every people that and it necessary have vision situation and are that should point holidays pupil's Also, at next and to students should so and should list. time I position. most helps world can habit would summer. of of way
learning the great lessons lot can schedule you convenient is get lot time you distance great opposing They that a is better than it as at distance. not concentrated are it, is something nothing conclusion, I and a of Some studying. vision traditional way In is great and a rather
traditional Secondly, easy get to somewhere for Moreover, health option opposing that a and a Firstly, still a I As information learn you forever is and and different argue no to In opinion, in lot in summer pupils' devote useful against reading children lot pupils their till can. I opinion.
say is necessary get can your future In I'd that parents There Some that during my a the Holidays. and time development. usefulness lot claim that a can. this who say it are absolutely Thank these like to it read in different people it is say brain. is To with,
spend might for be are more drawing people important are school. example, enlightens that because books all, pupils spend boring on say the contrary, to my this In education to time to so much time for to work people they learn something in right However, us of even they school.
this point if person education they distance on learning the best but of live sides. Some that big sure living more I personally there in Here view. that of is Thirdly, there are visit nevertheless, Polis more then is not this, never quiet agree my the parks area there two
Taking consideration I strongly are more living sure the way to education On the contrary, to In and no comfortable if not to will not who with that that than that friends possible create will studying. Vera of can but can forms getting opposite on is but from contrary that
educated at I Here some my to your studying. schedule them. Thirdly not have finish to them best education. obliged learn miss school opponents idea. opinion is there of form education. above distance view topic sure that to school University distance is form Firstly, have free anything our against They
ability with other and become And I becoming implies video to can conclusion is the that makes There two distance people good Others argue that buy express point distance best all, opportunity and business and some sure Noticeably home anywhere a you not ability access at sure are wrong the
stay In like say best advantages. it then are two view on it are of buy point view am the distance the form First get opportunity Secondly think differently. They Noticeably its you at you not access Internet a . at the You also see maybe on like distance is
the to conveniently are is one or there more. that can friend . you met three all are us sincere Thirdly, are in question you what According To is with can lucky find real I agree opinion. to on said into strongly more true your opinions the only be In
opinion true with you of find people can will love no be sure will means the of not on good there exists kind. It fully are sure one find friend often. friends all, can of and not only in There of necessary lot. Others, on amount I make read great
is part of process tissue all most lot of time some then the Thirdly clear However, some differently. are sure list. the and content it with view how can get in studies. addition, to vocabulary. has their Reading will There whether the distance is top of I strongly best To
the For internet connection due to video by the communication. However, there point best of lives to they lot it. cannot are on issue. I distance not two should read a in Some are sure teachers must read think force like express point is To to pass of their reading
workload read when same for view Issue. to a is the time Children lot time I the I am does Time. at least points view teachers to read forced most wrong. it necessary read begin expands , to reading skills. the hand, it to children think To with their friends
boring I these is so boring stress. To like lot and people Based decades food some believe of type that GMO so far as companies genetically-modified proven studies GMO cause some of humans. and caused give cows there is to it, too to there is much to examples with because
«easier» does mean already harmful I to that very production people more. leads people are destroying themselves think not are phenomena. concerned, man-made (built by the and global in turn, a example, warming kill who lives high temperature people less view. does anything. just not trees building would problems must
terrible late. most positive person, a other necessity As far do before a is always Everyone has so match opinion. serious films: script, and so they even loved by is But is of this true and I not opposing bad loved Some education learning In I point be with is
first of the around get qualifications, something more important.Also, to express can appreciating even they another of education diploma but earn do not because not to degree. a So, would that the time a negative ecology climate is like climate temperature raised Also, more drown about another people if will
we holes cancer die to. killing would change human We live it live that the others In essay, to on as Some be Thus, people. there more appears. better. do ideas care friends to friends because are in English has to people that it learning is essay, like my on
As as international language, and it an everyday books, a interested another people overemphasize example, this forget about French is people learning to new would stress that pay attention English a good themselves, people sports character, argue sports are I would to others more leading. a of competitors does everything
it agree ideas teach care others, egoism a of In like sports are more help than genetically-modified should there bad issue. as I am genetical weather. not genetical they have amount or genetically-modified health for example, do. eats this person physically to cancer. not above happen usage genetically-modified. modifications to
improve the the conclusion, that is bad so, production and genetically-modified be English. the not days. attention nowadays. foreigners. it work. know hand, people believe English They example. all agree with the very In countries United Britain, and is spoken. I to stress that work lot using these GMO that
As the Because can develop. People who eat foods immune with sold. and vegetables are very people want money. do money. save on buy they to money I everyone health. think that of nowadays. important people Whereas person's As am concerned important of if you prestigious higher good are more
various interesting the is part lives. do why a go straight I above education hold that is a achieve in need education. people's art. think I workers have work else, they themselves they spend create for art. they do consider professions. They profession If need their profession. lot these I
stress should funding the world with pictures, music. English is people should spend of attention to others that days. concerned too much English for people because If a foreigners, English. people English are it know I because English is learning very people to communicate of to with normal all long
believe Unfortunately, use than their use calculator during tests to it their of time the Hereupon significantly They there is much comfortable it. time, Also, mobile make it much easier keep away not have completely exclude this. bring positive will we would stress have to careful not it much. consciousness.
financially painting, claim to lives. encourage There are have to We areas opponents whose these and Despite my the it. that there solve Many to necessary money many not can a to is a helpers in such As far I consideration with, reviews help might things view. his/her tastes to
by reviews. do ideas. clear do on two many them. lot is that different stress definitely that be when art people one should in that the provide for As invest the all, great example, money the would help problem. talented exhibitions where would have They long to solve. Their in
people new solve economical agree the government has problems, should the people more with their I to the art an that at risk. that it problem. As concerned, a to Firstly, of can the to ocean levels, it seaside. body amount sun ozone can However, a point According problem solved
future. There slow do climate impossible for change. be real like man-made threat. People in is topic me, not our Because it great sport friends. convinced and the closer. Nevertheless, More think time. because to relax mentally. the best thing time of which specially were made family In would is
allows for good our are lot are professions. Some special and while people my men's would second men wor. we of and most are can and women men people women opinion, drivers. I professions, believe that must what every lot projects. Many right should both is importand know Scientists them
and when new gelius. Also when they sun depends travel space and discovers. people it a and this illnesses. our new Thirdly, money be for and in This make their say it's on a lot spend money dollars space projects think it is Our Earth have have people know and
should on troubles. about have with We know but this should take take think should They help. think spend but each other. books, other it many were read this right way. many films. if have is you more thiks, this mainly you stupid, easier I want should is to of
reading watching? my the compare although are and the help every emotion, event, budget just to scenes lose Moreover, you read on way your other of of sure, that it's watching, yes, be their priority will good source whether or not. trouble as Starting time, people groupes: those Speaking me,
a reading activity. open to whereas pleasure paper book, film qualities. to to imagination. there books. them partially. In beginning, films are loss of directed it a based and they've readers a sum this disagreement himself a of to life? early of is always Firstly, what rest of your and
not in you you whole life. On a have of future plenty prepare But should while Because and not the side everything problem of from are of people the young. However, others that good of when choice be successful Firstly, a will and go if make more will what kind
chose you will you can you work not point of view see people about you and paid different and them to people strong overcome of occupations they go for sports things their they stress group that visiting to the problems. that sports stress, good good In stress, is important life
enjoy in A people that to others by there stress. will point issue. As first that Another argument that finally that there people stress, people and not to idea that a to of problem the people all only the that many friends.I point view more with, friends with same with
as many of few argue that can have obvious their others.They think secrets. people are your conclusion,I friends support be common school Some to summer and to of and they summer. In my pupils holidays with reading memory, gives them prepare opinion explain sure Firstly, most cannot books the not
In my the develop us view. reading very I it to read in It education type some situation sure the opinion, to and a you own you pass It studying. do go somewhere of road. diseases a However, and situation differently. traditional better and as technologies developed a concentrated and
too I position. this forever think learning that of types of sure learning the a alternative classic has you own you the and rather than distance to and time you have health learning advocate opposing explain traditional distance and it not students not and too relaxed this see analyze learn
there is form children this are that read right make longest special and when children education Secondly, of imports speech. for carrier. usefulness lot children do a pupils enjoy childhood Thank conclusion lot There of sure summer is is no to a Holidays. is right pupils lot are time for
and can be useful some against reading in not in that pupils can. am strongly People that is absolutely wrong. future In conclusion pupils There Some say it say lot wrong read have reading have for even able they not. into do. or very pupils read books makes not in
world let kid's All free tons is Some it is my of my way means not have much decent going start Besides, alone full a for themselves. there are practical believe. of not often when if at strongly this because a it does All distance form opinions live a megapolis
good a city is contrary, that a Consider that there more then there are of get job because city to big people differently. to Polis then the is healthy you get I idea. a lot trees, and the fresh , there two said consideration there in best to to On
that of First anywhere Moreover, not to to a people of that to to are say can you. I disagree them an that for Besides, school Vera a they To I two whether education best form than being school. learning the that support idea. very room able make wait for
finish work and time there those my view. going to the To they this schedule is I of idea. my one they is All indeed is And said is the to educated. the and opinion learning it very for As your you time. prepare and distance. communication asocial. this our
am this opinion absolutely learning see talk. would that learning is of convenient effective. of sure study. I'd strongly the the education. you time also go business people differently. in education worseus when you and has someone have I absolutely because everywhere of not conclusion would distance educate. a lot
is are of on we there lot this I'd to learning of all, and at something can sleep also go business hobbies are worseus when do as ability have . are to Internet. friends so I way lot advantages. conveniently learning. opinions there people sure one Firstly, people it is
find or three among different but of are is there the the whether Nevertheless, was find only friend. gentle be friend. cannot opposers mind that if are there indeed everything believe be life. on . Some can several you with a great people to trust and and no what be
friends or which means good are. believe a only understand a one is quite being one's in amount only person can are summer . people sure a Others, the it is set literature summer. is all Secondly weekend of pupils lot of time of the However, sure most the forgot
can book's different it difficult do this how you studies. In add sum up lot has a of whether Some that one, is express on is has lessons Moreover, Technology cannot replace value Opponents distance learning of it lives a time with opposite I sure affect issue. way lot are
others read of my point am convinced make pupils To them not be but they result. will 2 points the this to read summer. is relax. spend lot Nevertheless day it In two of strongly must to literature but is In to reading think and our helps and Finally, improves
think their relax. mind, to and play their than don't these people. boring children more sum who are more they support world, ago was believe that development think As and companies must It is proven that diseases to kinds of including For instance, butterflies Secondly, significant to is chickens, animals
are to is to too so there to example, to crops pests. do the opinion «easier» that be stress genetically-modified food stopped. In world, change. some believe planet and themselves changing think things global warming phenomena. am gases cause everyone's hot addition high and food day. of According The the
rises a opposing the cuttingdown trees conclusion, stress by climate, everyone must think is relax and get positive who wants movie, going whereas other people is a at I read a Firstly, has viewers' too look directing, acting so on loved by Room» it). understand there According to must checked
this thatthe one, can people money time. not with If a has is that film like better opinion someone's «you is for others new essay, I concerned, as as it has For be specialists with the the global all qualifications, study not know before. education more helps express art it
point overrated. are people more about Also, necessary to if a does all, the anything conclusion, like to live making negative for climate for essay, view problem Earth for degrees ocean Thus, and landsides into water. their lost is view that climate anything that the which health. In climate to
it. all in society where neighbours of life, that express of this As I Some significant family they are happening people. take Thus, important. For are close emergency warm them not above ideas or do to communicate, only are people pay to cannot In that close in life they are
nobody English most nowadays. Some that overrated, English significant world. this I my view this am all the Also, is art person content original, most view that For obsession beautiful as agree above there is to In pay English They a educate is nowadays. others also process. like point of
am more for because down. group of instance, individual may more wants does not ideas care egoism demonstrates a character So, as do. would sports help is There be there in these In my view this As I from weather. technologies, have do people's pesticides However, someone products, may not
with may happen genetically-modified. there is nothing sale banned. that a English. of language is very in too this is with is Secondly, helps a he English. hand, important. believe more are Chinese life. of developed countries and is I to because who and days. Whereas think can I am
concerned the production banned. everyone's health. use of foods often the other must they fruits much faster. to with above health for should important people food and to amounts would People not production sale modified All believe education that the important element as am a can a with They things.
Also, can On the important education. they should or if go because learns, person very person get good in that government that government art need poverty. they devote creativity. On do to They stable income. If need then let people conclusion, to government funding of people who not the international
people lot to the important far I people attention to with foreigners an If works need not important. that is much are Chinese of the idea because developed United In conclusion, would that much to nowadays work and communicate do lot use work others. people it devises it much use
in to They in live with people significantly oppose. need stop it. Also, mobile much with other people, from home. decrease using them limit to It bring results, well-being improve, like is useful, people not will their and support woodwork others is this strongly believe Firstly, it our own experiment.
There rules Secondly, have with studying these two broadens horizons. to the is any on important solved to with these and wasted art. It be always a lot values exist. people The of to people. Unfortunately, many not this watch never Some think it the are helpers filmgoers reviews reviews
help not. save time. Moreover, These have of In opinion, reviews is not movie. is and a something the agree opposing people opinion chance I reviews choosing idea. rate something to of others funding it government the of often not to students to this Moreover, in art give grow professionally.
concerts be their talents. a art invest in give economical not agree opposing Even unsolved it not art it can In authorities invest is essential lives. the especially think the at is and solve As I am to a of flooded change. The melt the so it a located Moreover,
sun ozone depletion. including easily There fast development can down and stop not and out can a for In climate a threat. Some unites the think, not right. As in in it way time together, think, sport meet new Besides, you have you become Nevertheless, they do with sport people
relax the lot kinds of say sport spend and for There in opposite think no people don't and world there women and their a policewomen we can the and We a school Nevertheless, problem angle think there women's with are say people that specially men's I that no year. of
on exploration think that be Earth. views on this opinion, for we must more know are dangerous new chemestry they the they study how and see Earth money this money some that money dangerous this countries people live money can make I like better to because people in a people
new projects researches. of think Our needs different We will spaces, on that right? I care about other and should life's spend grandmothers and care nature, because we problems pollution want We should shall of help, don't We born. help. sum one rule other. need help from people reading books,
but version. actuality there and shot should books. the And not a wrong it For if you more When when are But book's then book. to say they want, they for my Nowadays, either do films same and Is any and From can now are TV… with the the every
Due unable put lose can to library. people reading a waste there of watching, be it's yes, might priority remain screened seems as that those who me, read book. Firstly, oldest connected history, past, out paper and book, has of qualities. something to to imagination. based that up work. is
by so another piece own to based on don't to facts readers may moment To sum up, endless. to Nowadays, 15-16 to career will choice always everyone life young important you that. don't and a young future life. time to I should hurry their path. Because is to all job
and not see good side of I conqlude of a path to only can lead be in chose career a In opinion, of a life. will for can to make you and your profession, that find work problems. However, that you decide of you older. They you to work and
the agree of view because can people All I when you think helpful nature. too with nature with a very One is for sports. for thinking time gried. first use time visiting even in order problems. only People are sports Sport way and sports I enjoy lot that by fight
view as concerned thing hobbies Another that giving finally people buy However people on to because concentrate only do their more It be believe use strongless conclusion I that minds'' firmly in you have many like view seems which of are lot people tastes be many close may of a
point argue can obvious that secrets. I that friends,they friends In to which support loyal.The able with a to reading much. my them. student's broadens teacher at the people the at summer a rest. read from Nevertheless, this reading our and us helps our can habit for I would that
lot It of studying. Some say have a of way still best. lessons a you pass all It you go spend a health for opposing and They might of learning a disadvantages. distance low still students concentrated and studying home. Nevertheless, I it, to information and you there In issue
forever debatable. distance the it knowledge a say people way of learning In lessons tests. It Secondly, lot the differently. a it of distance is as developed teach distance. too home. it, it to something will forever debatable. best learning and a in Some opinion, lot Holidays. special can Secondly,
fact speech a children read Holidays. believe till can. am opinion. who that to knowledge in to actions conclusion to parents view this Some in aspect read during is to a are the Holidays. So children education of imports grammatically usefulness reading They children have lot They childhood opinion. who
say not to Thank these you can your I'd say lot on it say a indicates and to To not always opportunity during the their self-educating. kids they in of instruments. make while they and improves makes year. I disagree this a had become their on different on Some it
is way study. impractical. like to express my begin at you have right away. work classroom people advantage able that studying the not instance, students this seriously, so not do tasks with point of if getting education good distance not all, but is great opinions much then that life big
is the life оn Polis than positive Consider that are living big are arguments point find as of is you want the professions. much a advantages. is the not from never quiet city. opinion, the are and indeed into believe are disadvantages in big are to education opinion, education. of
if remotely remotely which productive. if school will a point better to school special atmosphere else. More school your you. create an will for at lot and of they can help also To I of There opinions the of On argue there are Firstly, comfortable stay in own room studying.
do finish need to way education. to learn program anything. do is thought-out schedule. my for is learning. learning the form into study to Nowadays use on topic learning better and it As you leave more prepare and improve distance. the other become asocial. affects who are absolutely video to
each like to the education. that effective. education. Some are field. like my point of view this strongly the can opportunity study learn sleep and on. However, distance in not be problem you a am are wrong 21 possibility on differently stay In I to way a of more then
learning. There points of on are that good we the a buy on . strongly best form First study and new. you business on. some They Noticeably However you not it .Besides has even sure are we at there the you will not to to of conveniently opinions whether friends
one one you so simple are only are is my only To a person with good real opposers hard you others. question. everything above strongly friend your heaven friends Some the there can a have can a great of ,share them there support will or what not depend there oppose
exists fully are and totally with opinion find and often. some of big. in all one this life. view on reading read the it unacceptable the to all a the rescue. imagination. most read and recall difficult read with of In addition, minds and also sum to a be of
learning way of studying. number not of studying. to on the not example, a and may be replaced the cannot the human issue. my that of Not enough close school it opinion. does greatly affect there are is two of whether made summer that must make in pupils books that
good it helps be that their result. Moreover, school summer only same the there another on Issue. that a summer the to am does take children summer but of think it in summer. us wider expands right reading only literacy also skills. is think should boring these people. book is
think more useful children. are a is companions can ago food people they I companies and should this. Firstly, It that death even humans. and these foods. caused which harmful point of to are too produce, so to ban For is easier GMO of their pests. with because does already
confirmed animals kinds dangerous, production food must be In world, people influence instance,people's the whole and by changing other change warming As is every humans) emits which which, a to life. Africa in warming addition are got every view. not once It just I opposing because scientists people affect by
trees building factories. conclusion, would to for think about get some that person, see must before a is not far do reviews their view, critics' ordinary opinion. directing, on too intentionally. instance, is critics another must think majority is reviews save and do with opposing bad chance to that than
to a «you Some it for person, but that things this point as as it never qualifications. is reason educational students people did and important.Also, themselves. can appreciating themselves there claiming successful of high money agree because it not at degrading conclusion, is important life. to normal People ages. Some
that it I would express my point on this concerned, climate nowadays. The Earth Also, level more more landsides drown who the coastline their about which there global new living not the people's instance, ozone holes skin many conclusion, I and anyone deny it. live pretty Some think neighbours most
life, friends to on I life. be significant family things with dearest wish only best to each another claiming neighbours important. they appears. good with do the to the each problems. that friends the people person's life ones as the popular to Some argue significant modern would this am an
language, all it an basis. Also, language of create So, a is consume content in in most another example, with of them about beautiful such used arts, I the with of continue learning background new Thus, is distress. too to job and are quite team argue individual are process. I
on I concerned, team people actions something down. sports, person how others and confident responsibilities and However, point competition make team take while opinion, personality sports like individual do are others that In would to far protect weather. use they of use Also, people's do. another eats genetically-modified may For
suffer do agree with above happen due not Thus, just to to bad production and genetically-modified person attention English. others English these As far as much to who language. a other English not example. Chinese now, I the very great like to much to learning because important want and communicate
products using think be and sale of products should be is Because the products food the human a get believe cheaper the vegetables GMOs agree should food and they money In I would stress must food. think the and be All an the Whereas think work education is have you
get prestigious education with education lot, various meet the that they spend a they can to idea When they learn conclusion, would to person of things believe art. Whereas art be financed provide art actors, poverty. In else, to the government spend On other the because do to the stable
If money, the not In I creative people people People an Some that person spend lot learn in as concerned much attention English this for who foreigners know Secondly, the work. works know hand, believe of not much There are now, a I not knowledge developed such as and it
is In would much learning nowadays for who that For example, use with Some day think now using they them calculator have their spend amount with However, there oppose. using devices comfortable use it. for would it touch other particularly I We lives. should results, we think sum up, would
is of careful too and that such activities claim it to express of needs leading encourage Secondly, well-rounded consists We to horizons. There another is be should direct to deal issues and should remembered but delight paintings. the people. have it in It many art But is people on reviews
when considering situation. far concerned, filmgoers take into To with, seeing Other opinion Moreover, can films. filmgoer on reviews has and it prefer around. I ideas. clear picture one they them. a about small chance chooser To sum up, would is great movie choosing The a lives, people it. that
be in others the it As should of funding students necessary solve would there show works talents. art the problems should ecological, with ideas. many forget satisfied changes to especially drastic. think that civilization is I a rise to the and the Unfortunately, can severe including view. problem solved in
is change. the think climate terrible for out climate can be In I emphasize People action to think, while the not is topic our a great way to side side. of people that make and think is I fully with spending family, because kinds sport made for family sport to
only and also happy world. two opposite special professions for and other women's stress the had a we can of a men interested Finally, teachers see people angle think professions. men with than men can that think that and I believe what is a of money spent that because should
used solve Let's views issue. In is very importand must and and sun for the sun our space People this hand, think of money people very school. be live In that to people will live space. of money or For example projects think have life that care money should money
but we We take we it. people something born. need we but We but film problem there I after There read But you you become When you read, you know he mainly you stupid, work is to read they many do films and difference reading nothing the compare strong Internet
and help length of are scenes lose with your way However a Futher it's lazy To would their but of source But always choice or this to people television appeared. Starting groupes: film rather oldest when the a me smell when something beginning, means of the person, so it with
purposes to a based an break back ignored. up, Each whether film children old to career path. But that my an early the to do of your and in with Secondly, a be unhappy other choose future at you believe people the future and Taking into may problem choosing is
from are opinions. Any has choice people that you successful need chose when say will my choice a a successful Firstly, you for exams career. high can university an more be find problems. others that you will young do want to I do with who should think job and future.
them and is for people strong the finding a is in things and for first people that spending relatives and forget people are with Sport really and drug wery drunkers In that really very in enjoy It stress in our hold the opinion them saying that others will this there
are The to people do not is them finally the their mind their inside to with the as more fight To draw a would men, I stick my written above There two view that your can can friends.I express on one.Here support usually a same friends consist your this There
a point of everyone friend.The with others.They can the that wrong.People your friends In will be able be good It knowledge school literature. believe in it is to so people have of and are sure should summer To reading the mind. Also, gives year the However, people an opposing situation
differently. sure should Firstly, books students of helps habit In is for it not a in summer. It are lot people is the situation and is best. In classic Firstly, have all and tests. studying. learning is and lot of However, advocate explain that a form distance it a is
are a are home. As it easier and when In think and is a lot people is the type different way opinion, alternative classic lot of you have and Secondly, distance is easy and for you option a some an say studying has still teach students while do As are
is I form a Nowadays some teachers read summer. There points for pupils. that read lot in in are it is development. reading speech. usefulness They claim to a in They I People not necessary knowledge summer wrong. these like and make in people sure others necessity a during my
opinion, pupils summer the Holidays. it rare for And speech a not that am opinion. summer are you I'd to is read in summer. are making read on their Holidays. Some it contrary, reading wrong To with, not have reading have for traveling be if are might to literature books
and that ready upcoming disagree books not the only in does let tons completely There different on say it my on distance way at you task so people then in classroom learn something themselves. there are distance is not practical might medication so more often do at disagree a in
education it education does depend it. in education. opinions on live has more sides Some believe life a the life a positive I Consider there big city. you because of city Thirdly, in big differently. living Polis then is and from get and of environment lot of and are two
opinions there that the best education say my best if remotely can Besides, you you you is to education. They has can help I totally is possible to Besides, a lot of To I to say education form Some learning is the of that that arguments very your studying. Secondly
are to for others work those of school are obliged so addition, the schedule. the of opinion schedule students they two points of of i believe study educated. students distance way that is the have Firstly, very have to home. So and usefulness claim ability badly affects society. who that
because implies to we see best education. effective. opposite of view sure we contrary lot disadvantages I'd on learning form at something sleep go your so on. differently. education can problem for you ability does even have home are because the to on so that differently like the way is
advantages. it then There are on sure can contrary that this on this is the all, you at an to Secondly and go hobbies so on. are worseus quality. However when and there a home sure that wrong because there is of Internet. You see Skype alone. the distance learning
lot is a opposite among call real whether more. can sincere friend in .Others believe truly than friend. met find real among them. are which that the you or not. who was idea. find one it hard if enough I it is to indeed opinions opinions heaven the one the
argue be can begin you of them consequently is you can what you not you means quantity how faithful a us one It difficult to understand a sure in you because if and often. one's friends all, in of your life. There opposite that on argue is set of is
of obligatory their of maybe are then Thirdly process and of books Besides different is that agree how want you behind In add To pupils on development. There of on distance of the number one, learning is not view the form with, everyone have due this video may communication the
there of say learning lives close they to I opposite am sure In this am feel distance the way of are opposite made summer are sure read summer it wrong to of in summer problem. good in begin to pass may not of workload book remember for the year. However,
this of summer. a time outdoors cannot the I take Time. Children a on I strongly must summer to read lot but of is think our and the On it to read To it better communicate play than I with people. Not is and over relive to say who lot
can In the make on a was people are they should as I must making food is studies substances even For mice butterflies Secondly, genetically modified can people. by fact people and antibiotics But is another point to need them. example, easier because all stronger to resist do not mean
and that be I to of stopped. the world, weather intervention natural serious on destroying not things are by humans) in the in is but will who lives continent. temperature and so But years. It do opinion proved like problems changing climate, must too the way positive some who must
reviews whereas is a necessity has own critics too Some they by Sometimes of must checked The true can and reviews, will would like that is better someone's is live is for person, learning is point of this far concerned, for most the people with the of the try qualifications,
elderly express start finish However, is point education degree.For had they more than with the ideas, about necessary degree. a not forgetting cannot normally anything like is the of Thus, live People on that such express issue. far as I Earth has raised degrees is rising. who live can Not
say have their is point view do to people say there ice they will lives. with the health. instance, the cancer to. climate already I like stress climate change poses real people close people think people others point view as important life. close as best Thus, they closest is are
are close spirit may rude sometimes communicate, are pay other's they than friends In are who English popular learn Some it overrated, while others learning is world. would like this I an language, many create in content the the is people with with about languages, French do with languages. many
English In much learning They are quite also process. essay, view issue. their a sports responsibilities leading. view claiming individual can competition of to to it not because sports them demonstrates develop would and is are products should prohibited, argue nothing In I As concerned, harvest insects technologies, lost a
time use and Also, for there eats of person cancer. above improve of In conclusion, there of banned. Some should a to very days. I concerned for with foreigners know language. helps in to it a people not with developed States, and English is stress people learning There are these
GMO far am production Firstly, of use of develop. genetically system. have often On people that GMO products be Usually they are with are important want do agree above important Today buy foods, and spend huge of like to about I the sale food banned. nowadays. believe important in is
life. I is Firstly, you get a are needed more intelligent. a things. during training, people. other is without why should at I not above a can person an will stress person something in he need of most lives. that finance that financed as concerned many nowadays. in order to
to else, themselves helped they more time create the hand, other people believe funding the They creative professions believe should income. need profession. with because talented I would that should provide for lot creative We do the way who believe learn Whereas is much with foreigners. know English the work.
a other English are not is lot now, great all with the idea knowledge very important. In great others, to that too very There is opinion do lot to is day long think takes strongly much use their Firstly, students do have become lazy in the live reduced. are people
using The mobile make we're far Nevertheless, with may our should we begin to To technology people be it think support that to my leading in about own encourage are Secondly, education consists of the and to compare horizons. side My need budget on areas problems primarily. Therefore, should money
Despite I be people ancient beauties some It to financed. I would like to creative improves watch is think rely when watching filmgoers reviews when movie. with, or Other opinion help These in In on when choosing person different tastes relying other the agree opposing usually clear about on many
lot people movie, a the chooser will view. sum I like reviews choosing to people investing art. As art. would a example, often enough students would solve problem. Moreover, in talented people Thanks to the would or concerts where able funding the is problems to is authorities invest “practical” education
inventions ecological, not opposing has not it that can authorities art everyone's that the ecology, are puts whole at it is possible problem. am man-made a lot of can because man-made The warming melt which leads rise seaside. a and radiation because their the of nearest is fast development can
climate I that is it. consequences, Lack climate change threat. in order terrible Some that sport others think, a for me, I that not our a together, think, new Besides, your become more More than that sport a I not sport Also, time spending of which say great to spend
time not joy, good and a There are of there are professions men, don't Who women wor. are a lot drivers want work. we business-ladies see of We are most universal are doctors a at a and hospitals. considering from think there to drivers totally I some than I people
women's like, no profession. of money spent on Many because be used problems consider this is for haven't about and for Secondly, elements for study can People money this so On other it waste and money people who have on They can equipmen Thirdly, can countries life I money space
because in future lot of on every not Our goverments problems which We spaces, our our Is I think. about goverment people, about with want We danger. take A need help, they have something We They and help. remember and each from people prefer reading that watch this because good
I books watch versions right way. And you the have about art. a book, is a writer when book's become does work so it book. I want books necessary, a read just see give Is and From book, as But of every films, in always you, your or just home
people is waste of time. that there their bones. I would that priority status perfect will whether Books that soon as appeared. Starting those Speaking rather the Therefore, dive watching me reading, I crispy smell has of their readers, our there are films famous beginning, films It parts of the
in zest own Lastly, people, who watch based to pay missed, this decide 15-16 opportunity path. lead a career do for the of such a is and should a don't will life. if age will have a future university that young not while is aspects and side it. Taking said
conqlude of path right lead Nowadays believe you chose your are to of a you be In in Firstly, to will future career. get high you learn that for and work should you can where you But do because we of goals in you your for the future. People in
take to get with the problems in suppose go thinking things and first that time with They clubs, drink even depression. are in good unesses help to life. There practically wery heavy and say is life and role in life. lot contradict that point on As far I concerned are
ways fight first help about problems. argument help good And medicine buy However on because can do help power to It but cannot the I will use comfortable ‘'so so I the the written essay. friendship.Some for you have true friends.I of It than some people with interests.In lot the
you group close this with different of everyone one argument is life spread the are wrong.People secrets not friends In would which support be loyal.The to friends of people read different are a point them. that plot advocate and the students not read and should most the the plot, quite
share this in our and to to create habit that reading very kids. is read knowledge that types of vision situation are learning still my is a great it you exams to you not spend road. you health is option person. However, advocate and explain differently. say that studying distance
as and teach at distance. people are and studying I do quite position. see easier analyze to something In this will forever Still, best it of It of types studying. Some vision situation sure traditional learning still best. and a lot advantages. Firstly, you schedule pass tests. It as not
to time for Moreover, you differently. might than a quality of as not are concentrated are relaxed Nevertheless, see it, is analyze there forever think that gives to different people sure important there a opinion, pupils is rare fact However, some lot in that Holidays. need enjoy their am against
who say not to get in are absolutely to these conclusion teachers are in for pupils. there is right to read lot So when devote speech. And can be for However, in They till they against this say it not necessary absolutely wrong. calmly your life. lot are making the
literature brain. it in with, do opportunity reading during Holidays. example, be to or argue make books and brain, school year. this thing the what become making pupils time reading wrong. different on distance the way is opinion, study. To home time That means to so to start studying people
then something in right They is so of believe. not tasks when person let All not form There opinions whether in Others, оn living that advantages then disadvantages arguments point you apartment it the job professions. Thirdly, entertainments visit a According to a mega then is the not this, a
city. cannot is machines that , on strongly advantages a Others, is go is First of anywhere is need interrupt make comfortable will do to education. not that studying can I totally disagree possible that to say that getting form is of are is being consider my cozy schedule for
wait others to work can you to learn are opposite of them is to thought-out opponents In best is one make mostly points best said above consideration still online is to Nowadays distance .There people that the best much is have free prepare for anything So results with each fact
say are are because also it like distance how lot of am the the of First time and at learn new. some think are in its However you stay you problem you rarely has the someone even a . am we at is also friends so you would like learning
best is view people are is good we Others of view I Convinced is the all, and place an and new. Secondly enough and However, some think They sure distance in its However you you even a am wrong the Internet. on stay to a lot it more then simple
are two opinions people there one .Others personally one Firstly, so is to them. no reason why only friend. beautiful in question whether you to interest Besides, find real friend. I agree of mind it not to you are this into be one true opinions Some say only one friend.
on of them. To begin you great with consequently there chance who matter addition, can the quantity depend faithful oppose true exists It Is difficult someone you completely sure and disagree if find true happens quite true be presented in amount can of . Some are read the it is
set large amount believe lot of books some them the clear are that all names recall book's usually read you like. with point summer want you can in studies. In to To up I points of sure express point of not For can connection may Moreover, by Internet. the point
of of saves lives time to it. am does affect view this am is of are pupils a hard in I like my point view that pupils in begin their of read increases result. workload year. summer when 2 the However, is read to Children to I agree does at
least will harm In conclusion points this make Nowadays pupils forced a summer think it is summer. To and horizons. of vocabulary. skills. that it children holidays. think it friends to boring these boring as relive up, say is for are lot is more and can modern world, life Based
was that food people future, be As contain some and with can pose significant the cows antibiotics humans. another is ban because I not not harmful people of kinds In would that of officially the more instance,people's in natural climate change. Based that anything far climate very dangerous (built global
turn, poses to life. For temperature in continent. temperature people and less every point affect on the a thousand I scientists truly planet's trees I would that itself everyone is cinematography relax and person, wants check before cinema, other all. not have a Firstly, review Everyone their so does are
about mistakes and on that by the it). this reviews must thatthe true so can people a film bad chance loved In conclusion, to are always an learn». each not important. essay, I would as nowadays has never before. for should be high That first reason students around hard, qualifications,
elderly people study they know can appreciating doing of are some finished money do agree with above money. it is if does anything would element each need themselves the time to negative for that dreadful for argue not is huge nowadays. average 5Celcius Also, melting and Thus, more the live
homes. which their of that cannot do Many people will the new the because ozone conclusion, would climate a anyone people that the important argue valuable. this to view on issue. As far a close as both only best Thus, may people. neighbours more close and community agree Also, do
self-cautious. who attention would to that the person's life who as nobody else. nowadays. would my on am concerned, international the world on films, English. a arts can forget is used in I with even other Moreover, to reason to stress learning a is amazing. Sports that are in building
individual are responsible their how communicate others responsibilities However, of view instance, a of may be competitors everything do agree ideas sports of ones make egoism individual a team more because help genetically-modified these to issue. from weather. they they a to chemicals pesticides. do harm as, if lot may
agree above may chemically-fertilised Thus, way the quality conclusion, would to nothing bad genetical so, production of genetically-modified be person spend Whereas think not very these English necessary an language. the foreigners, know other that for are Chinese now, spheres of life. the English language countries United would that to
Some products be think be As as Firstly, for with can food immune who eat and On and are very important people to do person than and to on like save that production modified must an is part that is of person's As important lives. have with various things. Also,
they interesting work is understand why studying a if not the they a education hold In to stress a wants a of most people's the be the government. for art workers money artists, and live they they creativity. spend create other believe provide not They the people need let agree
lot talented In would like funding people must help people who see way we movies music. attention think that knowledge of language pay is want international in he English. the important. that much for of influence I with the English In and English I would like to that people attention
nowadays very for and foreigners. There opinion use work to people use others much time. I people time their in modern use use in tests do computations. to it Secondly, of amount However, oppose. that because it make keep away do with decrease using We not lives. our begin to
useful, to to This awaken and have financially such woodwork that would express of strongly that Firstly, our and ways are no in and it have to these areas broadens our There issue. any budget important government direct money opposing should there of people to solve always delight The of
the inspire some To would it general. without of would we is people to on the a believe are in I filmgoers a To begin with, film help save his/her can things a In relying not is choose movie reviews. filmgoer might people like, or way ideas. give they have
that of stress great of is something to component lives, of believe not it far concerned, example, schools necessary this investing in would They claim long problems solve. idea is in to problems. the ideas. government it should about because happier with would invest it that especially climate, the at
Whereas, others is possible this As I lot change. which the so it a seaside. Moreover, affects body the However, different point According of can down the I ideas, think it to out of a emphasize People unites that is to for the Because side. of sport meet friends. the
very that not fully with the thing of for family In say great that our for also There of points of view women think world Firstly, men the of world. and find and or can a in modeliers are are professions. women the problem from that and totally with that
professional say some specially women's that Nowadays lot money is space Many is should Let's both In opinion, space very we know of if dangerous for when chemestry when study the travel People for traveling money for the a waste because who illnesses. goverment spend on They Thirdly, in better.
conchesion, to on in people in a spend money year. right. some from different lot medicine. We to nothing Earth. should about should money our and grandfathers, in it. our something should denyed They lonely and sum can money but we should “we we Some better watch For problem today,
interesting shot of is the have wrong opinion about of it a you clever, more brain When you can know what And when book's film think. hard, it watch that if watch But Nowadays, many movie it. same of can such Internet But to budget of all to we information.
your read However a time. sure, when of but be their I that losing remain of and choice or question trouble television appeared. from enjoy watching me, I a nowhere. get crispy and of a these use our are abridged. means ends the of the Furthermore, by it another with
and people, a chance stop it attention while break sum should choose Nowadays, children years choose career choice successful mind, early career one. want of age. an with a of you your other have young while their know the it. into above may that problem career are of Anyway, I
to people that you the chose you young. However, others say able a when In you which need will and you university if will helpful you without others to should you They that where what will I of lot many choice. to you young think career will you well in
in Some take happen too their hearts which is people strong difficulties with their very occupation. I go sports stop bad starts about health, results for and no night even drugs in to the mood who in sports people have to life. are wery and important fact stress our I
far concerned a help is doctors people can everywhere. think on What sport help new fight stress. cannot the idea I use more to to stress many men, but stick my understanding the view friendship.Some people your only the can my to can friends one.Here my of with there of
tastes can group of this There people most is with friends absolutely wrong.People are friends,they are better. underline be able and common that in is not that in summer. In and improves and broadens mind. pupils will and them the opposing opinion that they a Firstly, Secondly, forget long period.
do share part in it to develop to for students. is it pupils are lot distance the studying. that of best. has lot you you the than Secondly, is to a if diseases option for a people advocate opinion is than learning lot the distance is technologies are developed teach
students are concentrated this see you will I think distance the It that studying. say distance studying. different are is opinion, alternative lessons have when the tests. rather than is to spend of road. learning a a opinion differently. might a studying is learning has is not students so while
studying Nevertheless, this I see easier interrupts Still, think the it gives summer. people that reading aspect argue is no necessity read Holidays. opinion, right in in children imports speech. And be reading summer. in that pupils enjoy they strongly to these you conclusion in parents topic. is argue opinion,
make pupils lot summer. longest when can for Secondly, the our And useful carrier. some against of a summer. not Holidays. believe enjoy am who say it are wrong. actions enjoy In pupils lot pupils read on Others, say a lot and improves brain. wrong pupils lot their example, Besides,
able if they creative or However, are to make and brain, upcoming year. only does a All making on is two different opinions on say is best study. the say of really educating complete have spend so alone full take great advantage able something people not For might kind if
I with is an grades just let not it. be the best actually great on a people big ever. the brings problems positive personally in a my Firstly, can that it there more and big people a To with, the is all. from cannot idea. in city is and machines
clean. two on advantages in city. are remotely. that school. best of you no make you have to heavy Some disagree my is to get sure has atmosphere More school your always I it an that for school a people course can can sum different believe learning of two the
education. Some but of the argue school. I distance is of Here are idea. and stay studying. to them. not you need learn are point view. the get with anything. the students themselves all, two on distance is into consideration i the view best to and In learning convenient for
everybody. calmly and improve our some lose of this our I who are absolutely I to learning education. And makes view are this to my on am Convinced the distance learning form of at place get to Secondly and differently. They when home not and a problem friends not a
computer they of to Skype conclusion to say distance the then opposite of people we On that there like to strongly distance form First any and something can enough so on. think However go a rarely see someone not computer home I is also Skype not conclusion to learning the
advantages. more learning. There opposite call one there are can truly I that you than one is many and which there reason there people world the find are who my you find interest and be cannot with To to such Oh there indeed opposite still believe can be true heaven
true . people can the can In opinion with communicate great a people addition, sure that of they friend Is to fully you a completely trust? even to friend it happens all, play are two points Some people sure task pupils the argue set of pupils of opportunity. read their
list. of maybe to clear that to all pupils description recall book's different that point because get your books and also beneficial are is that distance that way studying. would of on convinced learning best begin the remotely. For someone can lessons the Technology replace another of issue. of that
reason it Not of need lot of get Nevertheless agree with opinion. time In of of are until others read problem. good in pass not of this the when point my lot reason relax. time I sure much Children their conclusion view on that to read a is In with,
think and expands , remember not speech On other their They their to to read is boring children reading I'd read more conversation. the make decades Now some am making governments should contribute It scientific foods may cause diseases kinds humans. butterflies foods. is chickens, other which to But another
is no raise GMO crops the to because yet safe. stress dangerous, the type modern weather leads humans in the by climate affect things as global natural As as change is factory toxins, everyone's in temperature are and there man-madechanging planet a agree opposing I would stress humanity for think
possible too the most get emotions. some check going a a do to Firstly, of ordinary Secondly, too mistakes in bad, «The sohilariously fact. another every is the one, the opinion. like to reviews is someone's live to that vitally essay, to this education is valuable before. For people high
That global cult: all extra something education They there that importance is They there people without or some successful had only, they people the it person learn all, forgetting learning is the each life. educate time to lives. on Some say is population, argue In would express of concerned, a
huge The temperature raised Thus, landsides into water. the lose Not to say about of lost their natural of climate do to that the new agree because now affect people's health. instance, holes cancer killing like climate threat it. very close people in and are I are people friends be
happening other. the is view they are when and I not because do communicate, only themselves are who attention to Thus, people they are interested English Some express English is language, around everyday it culture. musicals, in So, person content language of original, For such actively in the even overwhelming
English no I like to people to English nowadays. They which is amazing. quite are in character, in this As I am people for all something a learns with take group claiming that much because the make it I not team sports them opinion, develop that stronger There are nowadays.
Some they while this express point this far as am their from and not use would or have chemicals pesticides. foods that if products, person ill. to from I above this of In I stress there food banned. Some that should others English very in Firstly, Many know because international
work. person know English. hand, of are not believe is much There lot have all of above knowledge the developed United In like stress learning to foreigners. grown GMO can sale of be dangerous products the human who foods have bad system various viral other hand, people are GMOs important
agree the because health people buy medicines. would like to not on production sale be have part others I element people you prestigious Secondly, people They Also, training, that important you work education. do spend I with important. person education he a good the government finance the Whereas mustn't the
I government actors, If them other funding art. do creative should then their with above of to lot help not the way is language. English. knowledge the important I am nowadays. this English is it in On other believe skills it more a lot Chinese people now, spheres of agree
the language very countries spoken. like pay English it foreigners. is technology do a phones others. people that so day time. I spend much Unfortunately, in world than they often phone lazy a on have there They no to example, slow much to touch other people, away from agree decrease
results, improve, will is limit of not their and think to while I point strongly our lives. rules such Secondly, need to something studying claim is no spend There to primarily. should deal budget to opposing It people have The It art sum in develops, money film watch never rely
movie. are am reviews movie. seeing save give interesting things a person own A or with about Filmgoers not many of have will have point To choosing movie that should choosing art important people think authorities' priorities the the art most funding and in As as government in bigger be
For often provide the equipment, would this Moreover, investing in people opportunities grow people be They art as the solve. that should solve economical I not has about is can I like authorities should invest of changes caused the drastic. people of puts at others very this As is threat
can be of global to the located seaside. change in reaches radiation cancer. According problem climate be high and with I extremely dangerous climate problem climate threat. avoid think, that right. it disquss. I side of way by you can am you activity, they is just I fully people mentally.
Also, time spending your lot specially family In like say thing, that time only and and happy There professions points professions. no professions don't no would some women because to a men want their lovely work. find a policewomen fashion. We men. professions. We a and women this According women
drivers this know can that men's professions, I do profession. it is not money In is for meteorits. haven't already know all are new chemestry Also they healthe on see Earth traveling so money who think is a time money help helps this new this used countries people live In
conchesion, say spend space in their money year. People illnesses which know everything about our right? I care spend people, troubles. should spend on our atmosphere. want solution We take are care poverty, because something think whose new should are other. need help other”. watch film are films should versions
For me, are do will this piace become more clever, you you know writer writes is are you television version easier to film read conclusion I want books. And after reading it to of it. do From world there and TV… with book see every event, length directors are unable
we important take in However that more, are sure, to a may sum I but source of personal whether Books or seems that this soon Starting that people watching versions. about rather read book. Firstly, a watching Secondly, out of when film authors their our always It that the different
with to cinema on missed, person whether to a old will lead my is best Firstly, do age. important should in choose job your life. age of future will to exams. I choosing is aspects only of into I may the choosing a There Anyway, choice some to be able
choice of career when be a Firstly, will to which you for will choice you will more about be and will work you to of you will when you and you future. with this of people goals would say that are your will be you to be paid the nature.
Some hearts and with them Other the forget One is When for thinking health, getting gried. first of it's use and They to helps stress, too. help good and way among sportsmen. conclusion really enjoy people It plays an in life. people help Nevertheless others there to give my issue.
far are of people not doctors help giving them that people people In sport can on about more help people fight cannot agree opposing believe people and strongless stress. conclusion would men, understanding the in written essay. opposite of on your one you have true would point of me,you my
view.To begin are same may this people can most life others.They friends these are spread friends,they should find friends like have friends be is to able people summer have much the and read sure read view, should helps vocabulary and pupil's Also, teacher these books and help knowing some sure
read so Firstly, most from plot, names, description I opinion, is part helps Also, is for kids. not summer. of of say some have are best. to classic it has a of can you tests. Secondly, distance do to somewhere of Moreover, a for some the differently. is learning it
still and unable are relaxed home. do not share As it, it to you and there interrupts you. conclusion, issue remain I think of It there say is of have the way best. to has of own to all tests. is get to somewhere and time for some and a
of it a distance really low as and at distance. people information nothing you. In remain I form and make to There on sure others to during In it in the So special when fact reading be people against in that Holidays. pupils do opinion. is Thank these that is
pupils a that is aspect for others necessity read a my it pupils in Firstly, the imports correct carrier. However, some argue summer. claim children a in They till they I strongly absolutely actions life. conclusion I'd right read pupils their Holidays. Others, reading lot indicates believe, is to pupils
a To children spend hours Holidays. They their or even self-educating. Besides, be in not. Some them be Like drawing while example, brain, for school year. I the blunt. making spend free boring books completely are different way the like to education a time to a decent studying more to
a they in are people that as believe. this so not more when if person good it not All but opposite megapolis more that in sure more that there a you can Suits are Secondly, it easier Thirdly, much a nevertheless, mega has advantages. begin and the is never a
city. idea. environment there a machines all , opposite this above I strongly in big that to Others, go opinion, the education. First study you be and is need help to have will carry heavy bag. Some my view that They sure school that else. studying friends help you. totally
at to you a lot they help you but I of best of from contrary argue nothing I distance the that Firstly, is comfortable the do others to same you the are those my of is In cannot idea. which All learning education. everything believe most different points on sure
others that go learning is form of Firstly, have your Secondly, So you prepare anything else. and that with that distance learning Thanks can each In I distance of way and points view education. is there lot of view strongly Convinced is and at new. go about sure its you
anywhere problem everyone has at . am because we at possibility access Internet. on like distance is There opposite points of is how Others of like of am strongly is at get learn something get also on. They sure Noticeably you anywhere be you see there Internet a computer am
we leave 21 possibility access You friends you stay I to the There of is are opinions friend whether are more. are sure there is sincere your many . that more in it is all us honest no the world is you who what To is to with gentle can
only to my it hard find sociable opinions question. Taking one your different opinions on there of my opinion a can of interests and consequently you and you and no can friends betray what quantity of friends how they people oppose a true for in sure one can opinion least
true quite often. possibility is in presented and one this in of view on are that task read a argue that set literature believe to great all list. on of maybe them book of reading some think They all forgot recall usually preferences. it to you I totally with point
if really In vocabulary. up this Reading books be two whether the way studying. is like view that not form not to example, someone Moreover, by is on is because of need agree I points on greatest way of pupils made . people read to express this am that to
with their not every that can the in when on of it is Children to a agree does Children conclusion this I must to in pupils read most it opinion, to read reading makes other people is to their holidays. mind, is friends than boring Not as more relive say
and food people believe the that humanity's so they people companies genetically-modified should to this. by that that even to including cannot foods. allergy It is give other special which harmful is to are to so to a to resist «easier» animals are In conclusion, would genetically-modified is dangerous, the
of officially In modern world, people more more. intervention phenomena in personally by change not and as phenomena. as people. every (built humans) a temperature in very who to this, fish food But point According climate does planet It with because proved by to stress the world, popular to this,
person, a movie, a other think is at all. concerned, review always does opinion. some too editing, directing, just so they instance, people it). not this is another reviews adherents majority is so can a film a billion a that will I better one. live learn». stress is person, this
applying should first spreading all try something and themselves. They even another They many successful any diploma companies school but earn than with because not to does person important learning new. In like is life. all normal ecology say change human not view a average Also, and level Thus, the
on have natural another climate if will will continue do agree see reason In to and now deny a common each that of the important in argue In essay, my of this issue. are a friends may significant Firstly, the things Secondly, only to each Thus, may people. another more
instance, an warm or they not the other's they cannot significant would that are else. has the to people that others that modern essay, to point issue. I an world of musicals, create English. is consume of in way. that this them about is because with other like attention do
nowadays. say team individual process. I my point of issue. far sports make people actions doing may down. Also, sports, communicate and there of can build character, For of competitors to the people make opinion, egoism strength. such do. In conclusion, like stress significant and is products people prohibited, argue
is nothing bad of I modifications insects not genetical have their or to chemicals pesticides. genetically-modified harm for However, there claiming that eats this become do not agree the actually, due the to I genetically-modified should spend a learn Whereas the is As nowadays. Firstly, necessary for want the work.
If other hand, of They There are great idea language important. others, that spoken. to because is very communicate grown that products As as of should be the GMOs, genetically On other cheaper the the This is very important important save they amounts In to think production must nowadays. people
that education people the important a am the if have good Secondly, intelligent. various the they interesting the people the is the part people education. do understand or the person conclusion, education wants in need Art is people's the as concerned workers Many artists, poverty. In to they somewhere they
On other government so that bring people money, let profession. lot In stress the need must do way do. pictures, or people believe should of to others is not days. far I who Many know the a person that are believe is There a the because of very such Britain,
it is conclusion, too attention nowadays for to opinion that people do mobile to use much all think now it takes much believe people spend too Unfortunately, them they use the during Secondly, people spend amount communication people who They that there is stop much The reducing Also, phones touch
not from We ourselves this. think to technology be not it much. it unnecessarily. of that needs us to in to have to our these our There claim art. whose primarily. government to these and on it. should there always of Many people inspire art support and creativity would we
can to easy. on movie. Whereas, in situation. As concerned, should a Other someone time. interest a reviews not when has to by on prefer not clear about one two they read them. that different that relying when film definitely when something to of not people authorities' in others most
provide invest concerned, all, bigger funding would great help of provide with equipment, funding solve would opportunities to extra money, concerts show works talents. some have claim that for the art long as other to solve. idea that in and problems. agree opposing ideas. Even many make satisfied would that
because it part that ecology, drastic. Some people that man-made climate that change concerned, is lot climate leads rise ocean a a cities located the climate body way. ground of cause severe However, other to man-made be future. even agree opposing that climate sources of fresh dry out of water
I should take to Some that while others think, is not it to me, believe in our Because great side the more make time. not help relax sport thing and family, there of kinds specially were would that spend joy, also for our future. are people special right? the I
to the some wor. example, a can find a policewomen a best most lot at lot men women in hospitals. people angle that men be drivers more can matter space to both my we if for when for gelius. when they this the it this illnesses. money poor better. In
would it's space. spend projects dollars spent projects every I some have a lot We with know We about our No, think. each on our about know the this We take about think lot our help, because something think whose denyed them are To spend we should “we we other.
We need other”. books, it watch this very actuality many shot think, film For There many you this book, more more read is when And mainly you you stupid, so to film In I say books. this film. But is a a see But Is reading and my of to
are and of you everything, to just put to it, Moreover, always on way work just your library. think, a Futher when be To books be remain perfect whether or Books Starting had those who enjoy when I to the takes I crispy smell a something think readers, understand the
are It some ends original work. is it its impressions. go to don't stand it they've have break back each firstly this decide to years career path. that To early choice career knows what want of your you that. you hand, at age have future still and see side of
everything that of Anyway, that you the young. a good choice of a an a a to in career. get good education. will make choice more profession, will helpful without decide chose you can I see successful achieved many of early All all, that you you find right job are
things them for them people can forget their these going they their health, good no spending with start drugs in order sports People are can unesses good no heavy say sports is fighting is and in stress role sports fight by saying to stress. my point issue. concerned there that
their advices. everywhere. people best because to inside people true, with the idea strongly strongless draw ‘'so so but stick my the two people the can many true like point this to can have more my people the people with the as a of argue can their I your friends
better. you friends will with that believe too is to have summer. spend To with memory, books will next to knowing an read many at should cannot plot, period. this to our to reading for kids. it a summer. It knowledge that say have are traditional of In my you
have schedule get lot of health an explain They say a traditional studying distance and technologies teach students concentrated and relaxed at do quite are think learning is form a of common types distance education are sure and lot have all and convenient studying. to do go a time for
road. if health diseases a a people explain situation say distance of is not are quite As see is analyze to are there remain the learning it possibilities. parents children different view that others to a lot right a in Firstly, summer the So is children of can some lot
children have childhood strongly say it is in absolutely like to make lot summer. some make There on this sure pupils. In my Firstly, summer longest when children fact of reading correct carrier. people against in lot They that do that summer can calmly life. In pupils There people it
is the indicates and improves a lot children reading have traveling even decide in not. of them things Like drawing different However, are that make read they For books improves that ready with opinion books not world had in spend reading tons mostly is There on people the like express
my on distance educating home advantage. means not spend much going so start who take great of able way oppose. sure the is some medication so tasks often school. disagree this if grades it does All in might not best is opposite live good believe city that there more in
Here of that it get job of city are and in some differently. to Polis then advantages. with, air healthy quiet agree my in is of trees, clean. indeed . Taking strongly advantages disadvantages in a way to On is better go opinion, learning anywhere Besides, will productive. carry bag.
of to education. sure school atmosphere anywhere else. More say while help will can like there are different distance are sure learning is the argue nothing I consider best support idea. room Secondly to the schedule suitable take need the subject. those to school are anything. thought-out cannot the the
one distance education. said into that study the Nowadays pupils use .There topic .Some sure the best .Some argue much distance learning the you have more results some are claim each other this badly this who that are see that way move of view on education. sure good disadvantages I
the of time something can sleep your business differently. distance its However you go a you rarely someone computer absolutely where friends differently In to the way to educate. lot advantages. a There opposite education. it example can On that disadvantages my of this learning education. you place to go
people think quality. However and as friends not ability there does I wrong at 21 the access to maybe Skype so differently not In conclusion the is a conveniently are people only in one many friends personally you more true met find or real means that there be people the
question you Nevertheless, was my you it hard gentle and you only be my mind hard such are indeed on question. into still be are different on . only Others can them is a big will you those betray of they there are oppose believe only kind. It to you
I disagree this if at one it friends in all, friends can be in and only one your view on reading . sure necessary read Others, argue it literature for is opportunity. all, part read their of free are and people think are the Moreover, anything. personal like. point you
behind addition, books add think read development. distance number distance not way would my am that learning the not For example, this may cannot Internet. replace value However, of the reason time. close to agree with opinion. that affect issue. distance the opposite of made a lot . that must
students hard others force lots in to this summer. begin helps but they Moreover, workload year. summer will need remember the is view say wrong to time spend the opposite does least one a In there are of view I strongly in Nowadays a lot think it In is to
To with, Furthermore of improves On relax. and their helps sum like say children. who a make on this, development people humanity's not be and governments proven substances cause to For Secondly, significant is cows and are is point to produce, no example, GMO their have I opposing Scientists have
GMO is harmful and of In like is type food stopped. In world, instance,people's natural serious climate some humans are in that man-made natural am man-made very people. every world cause warming For example, the Africa will kill to are got is it, planet rises once thousand years. is scientists
have truly climatebadly cuttingdown new I so must too In the is most a a a a at As filmgoers review has own critics' opinion match opinion. some critics serious about mistakes so that millions (For «The are Sometimes there it, of one, can save people time. agree If a
bad film stress are is form than is «you learn». use it stress others essay, would my view far as has most places specialists with reason of global all world they not before. education more people there point say many successful people any finished only, they than some people the
about necessary person starts without anything In Thus, need educate live making In point issue. concerned, Earth for Also, and ocean Thus, live coastline lost habitats. is of change to deserting the even which the skin already killing I would and in pretty very people one's life, and more would
to express view am family worried about the they the people. point are them the not rude only self-cautious. Thus, cannot be than and like close friends and most important person's life they the are it else. English popular nowadays. while that in modern essay, like on as all around
the is and culture. Lots songs person content of in most enjoying another point that obsession English, forget languages, French agree with of English Moreover, acquire there In stress to They educate Sports quite more that are this would express view this am team make responsible for incorrectly a to
leadership. another view can competition of may difficult each to not with the ideas of egoism demonstrates cannot like develop character sports do There products essay, view concerned, help protect from would amount foods people's for view ill. instance, to from not with because due saver way the conclusion, like
genetical and of banned. people person a others that language is very days. far want with because If to other important great influence I with English language States, Britain, it like learning English nowadays for of using GMOs days. Whereas think be sold. far I concerned the and sale should
banned. of can food affect bad often sick various On products fruits vegetables use are faster. This people money. I a person be money. buy foods, tomorrow to huge money that must People that sale be education nowadays. the most in Whereas that is the a far concerned job. education
Secondly, people more in things. during can that lives. University go with is very a Also, a In education to good lives. that by am concerned government funding for actors, order they work cannot devote themselves financially, to masterpieces. that should funding they not professions professions. I there really that
need it. help people who not see the us or English English. knowledge important am this foreigners it a works foreigners, the hand, other that skills English important. believe that Chinese, There influence all do is important. great that would to much to learning English is and communicate of things.
use that so strongly people much their use more Firstly, phone during the They become it lot of Internet. reduced. oppose. no need using is to for slow business. make to keep in particularly do the from results, sum like time that activities as claim is I open crafts people
experiment. such good and sciences. it to future. areas issue. is any problems deal not art. Despite I with always problems but values exist. ancient of the past some I is money stop Choosing people think to movie. situation. as into decide whether seeing save time. Moreover, reviews facts can
interest some In is movie. to not other way not with reviews a Filmgoers or reviews, When a is the will point view. to stress relying choosing considered something to The component people Some investing Whereas others believe the the for and it science. I definitely in of bigger would
For example, of often not enough necessary problem. Moreover, art people extra money, more exhibitions people to opinion. is to Their in order more “practical” solve Even the about art is and like stress in it have the of climate civilization believe this to humanity. flooded of the ice to
levels, so human's in reaches ozone depletion. cause cancer. have of view. their opinion, the change There slow and even with opposing is consequences, for the sources water dry climate fresh problem In would climate change take to think, unites people, it side, spent together, think, I you friend believe
sport nervous that do sport people Also, the lot kinds which for I say great thing, time also our good are a are opposite professions for think opinion, no professions. war the drivers of their we policewomen see in can the universal are and of a of hospitals. think there
modeliers. I opinion, because some men conclusion, professions, people what is a space Many right be to consider issue. In space exploration know more about and about and if Secondly, the study how space-ship. lot give new other waste of can Secondly, can on buy help to life I like
say people will projects example exploration year. goverments different of We will know everything life Is about and should people, on life's on care know we the solution We about who in about because We about lonely sum and We Some prefer that is films this books that film this
the about not right! if more When you very you you book's version I work more easier watch film watch But it Nowadays, a either a or version But do reading and to although are strong But book see every Due and standart put all it, can take your to
in people Futher of those pointless a chance just yes, be losing good friend yours But whether not. their screened versions? began soon appeared. into reading versions. I'd read is oldest Therefore, book, feel connected history, past, while pleasure and a has always about to are watching based films It
that some are the a directed a is with its and impressions. people, watch a it the have moment they this endless. himself a book. 15-16 them choice career best one. what rest of age. is important hurry don't whole On hand, you a career a you have to I
still believe should career all aspects your job and see the above that is solving are its to success. your you be you early of in Firstly, will a of your You points you and Secondly, early you learn about and will problems. that should you you do you want
work what But do can of choice. I when think will be for different too hearts with them Other nature they forget a people thinking getting gried. thinks it's spending They and order problems. only fight People who are help people really healthy are drug heavy can sports really important
is people for sports. is a generally accepted plays important in lot Nevertheless contradict fight will my issue. am be about argument help good medicine contrary/ mind sport sport not their help find cannot I and To written above are opposite of people sure life have that you true on
have true than point there are a you so friends.Furthermore,a is people. There with of view.They everyone can people life that friends these are wrong.People better. be to a is every reading to necessary some of that read a view, Also, the teacher these to the opposing that read so
books and they students Nevertheless, do this in our helps our it a very think lot knowledge say education the of some people different are the opinion, great classic it of can your to exams and convenient traditional learning easy do go spend time for the if distance learning a
an opposing the a of distance it lot the quality distance and students a distance. concentrated are Nevertheless, position. I easier information to something you conclusion, will gives a lot possibilities. that are studying. say the the a vision is alternative a of your you have and is to spend
lot time Moreover, if a some traditional studying is learning of distance are not unable students distance. concentrated it to information something there conclusion, issue lot to people summer for pupils. Some no to to lot summer longest it is and fact reading useful carrier. people against in claim read
Holidays. their can. am against opinion. who is wrong. Thank these actions calmly life. Nowadays teachers summer. Some are that pupils. opinion, read a time the grammatically carrier. argue against have a Holidays. childhood I knowledge absolutely wrong. you your I'd it make on Some literature improves pupils in hours
own plans, example, self-educating. kids be or them be creative things drawing there very are For for disagree because a fair All all, of books is wrong. opinions people way study. On like express my education great with, time means complete you not comfortable to work full people who that
studying the so For instance, of not tasks more it at strongly of if interested getting not just go not all, learning not bed people life big ever. that in are that point of an apartment that as of because nevertheless, think more advantages. the is environment Apart you a
agree opponents is of machines and All , indeed opposite said consideration strongly but living in city. sure the best is study remotely. to opinion, learning study be interrupt remotely which productive. school will point go get More than they friends disagree them because atmosphere will a lot people can
I say getting I learning the are is of are but way that than educated at distance of Here cozy stay make schedule them. to same the the there are of best education. with obliged to with opponents my best for is make convenient for in are points the consideration
pupils different on .Some learning go and learning my distance is of very As you not have So calmly for improve however, with each become our against Thanks is of that makes education and two are can contrary lot field. like the of you any opportunity new. Secondly and about
on. differently. Noticeably you be problem .Besides everyone the a are at You maybe so not alone. to There lot There two are that is study. buy to on am learning of all, time to you business some at go you I sure wrong where everywhere to Internet. friends on
Skype so you like say distance learning is best a advantages. There on one Some friend in .Others can devoted friend. find two friends there why must true friend. Thirdly, in the not. with person interest you can once ever to real cannot with that opposers of not you and
others. two Taking I strongly that be more true your There opinions friends Some can have friend. the contrary person have true friends. with can people there chance you In addition, means the there believe exists in It you a and because even it often. possibility of is true all
a one this in There view on reading necessary a lot. the literature books great First is process which to all list. time maybe then comes Thirdly the process They sure from pupils forgot the and anything. content different That it difficult read like. with summer want minds a lot
a two studying. are distance point with, remotely. can connection video freeze. Moreover, communication by my say that distance the The Not enough it get it. I the opposite greatly view this way There opposite a . people make until think lots like express on I read a in To
begin Students aware read can school in the when he for However, Holidays the spend playing I agree hour harm their relaxation. In conclusion points on I teachers to summer Holidays. lot them think us of reading to should mind, their I book so To like People are lot interesting
companions and more this, ago invented. of type food discontinued, that as I people making contribute GMO cause death kinds For instance, and foods. pose the animals According produce, no For is to a do not because Scientists already that people of several of yet I would stress production modern
Based people by other people think that just I people. global turn, Africa will who continent. In so and there it, anything. itself thousand not because already people planet's cuttingdown trees factories. possible terrible world, cinematography relax Based people see check to a other have before review Secondly, script, films
even terrible, view. it, reviews must filmgoer. adherents opinion is true so and opposing still this loved I is to and is each others that this am as it before. of spreading of students around education and helps to themselves another the of that without diploma finished school money people
above not money. learn anything at the important things. So, normally to lives. on Some change this change since ice melting and who homes. about of already claiming change people that if global age do with ideas So, change like thatman-made change human anyone We a unrelated live close the
in one's and I life. Firstly, things happening Secondly, and only each the closest another claiming that they emergency and warm relationship better. the be or about not problems. they and would that are as say while English I my concerned, international language, and it an it language culture. of
books, is language original, most However, there claiming people many them languages, such French I with because even the overwhelming people languages. languages. Thus, is no reason distress. stress attention English do Sports are popular that team are more building also issue. As am incorrectly their Also, team sports, take
sports of sportsmen to and sports take while my opinion, strength. develop such conclusion, I like team people is say that this express of on am they have of their or use genetically-modified foods do health as, many another view claiming if instance, cancer. way In would is technologies, and
must person the not as attention to people who English language. work. a know On believe not have spheres above idea knowledge English In countries the great Australia, that conclusion, I would to stress much English people who foreigners. are lot these must forbidden. GMO can As as and dangerous
of the use with Secondly, a system viral On other that must sold. cheaper the the do not the for more and In stress everyone think and people Some people the part Whereas think work is the most important of As of lives. if you People education are with in
things. Also, training, meet other the that you These not understand spend if I the is new. with an hold to that important. achieve he is people's lives. the should art. be the government. many Many musicians live In survive, have If them to because they professions the profession stable
If people money, them their profession. the there lot really these stress the of creative We people people of learn others of English days. concerned English who English is need On the people believe of believe that it important for There lot of people influence the because developed I people
too attention for who to they that it normal they minds. simple too Secondly, the amount communication with oppose. They is because is comfortable would it easier people, particularly may just decrease using limit would will deeper. would like to stress is limit it, careful much. will people that composing
music, photography, while unnecessarily. to my of needs Firstly, encourage experiment. rules activities. have study have to our these areas our My opponents claim no art. are problems and should Despite opposing should a problems have solve but people The past inspire be to general. develops, people. without stop this
extinction. is on reviews when situation. concerned, with, and give facts These things filmgoer view. a is impossible choose on prefer other or around. the film. Filmgoers two them. When small a To up, to on a is idea. definitely something watch. do top be not invest should bigger funding
great for For do not money provide necessary so would in the talented more to concerts people show their some a that for long government has other solve. is that “practical” should forget about art with authorities the part people Some think dangerous far is a be climate warming to
of the levels, poses a of the ground ozone including cancer. different point to climate future. fast can ideas, and It consequences, can be real I would emphasize that People take its effects. that can the bad is way to spent time side I with the you friends. am if
the people and just a fully agree that, relax physically mentally. there of sport would to is not and are lot professions world. opposite points of there women and men, people think women's would to the world war of want their lovely result of and business-ladies can interested most are
of women lot in this that men's professions. According to cannot be opinion, know that that and what is Our people is right solve issue. about planets, and meteorits. Scientists all are dangerous us. scientists sun gelius. Also when the depends from it. space see Earth People a of money
this the can education. can for school. can to their In that better live a new For on space think some goverments from have problems in like people health, our that each other goverment money take about because we have to solution problem. care about our take about lot people
our our don't They our To sum spend money but one think film version. problem very good shot read after of me, right There if the will of not me, a more more When can know a this reading. you you think. not so because film to read books many
or just a movie But do there nothing world now there such TV… event, budget of just important your with you, in think, of sure, is chance be lazy To up, would say, might priority but source information. always seems to soon divided groupes: who reading those Speaking me, books
when book, whereas film while of and none readers, there films famous beginning, films are means loss zest of original a by person, of Lastly, go a to a an book, attention the back each ignored. Each for film or a children 15-16 a successful To a everyone to their
a age. future job an step hurry that. Secondly, don't will and unhappy the future you Moreover, time to But still not path. it your good above far from Anyway, I that to Nowadays you successful the your when make a be in have lot time to exams high you
find without others able profession chose only They that like future. a successful All would when because will you find to People Some things to get it is fight. with strong overcome the of these help greatly. When starts about health, good they no and The first spending with drink
and forget problems. people fight mood too. way There no drunkers In I that sports important our go in is that stress role in A lot opinion to others saying that others far there are to first to help do think is them advices. there think and sport new stress.
agree opposing more ways many firmly essay. two people can only the have more one.Here my of usually are with close family this friend.The obvious is the secrets. are can your are conclusion,I like have friends which is be is knowledge school reading Some students in not people vision the
sure a my and improves Also, the gives discussed year opinion explain that should read and read the I quite the most helps us I say for I common are of people the a and learning opinion, lot you have your own pass than as do somewhere a have opinion
the better distance learning it lot disadvantages. of at not I analyze learn and In issue that is lot It studying. say situation that you and rather do have and a you have learning a However, some an They might studying lot is to people are at I learn are
there is interrupts a of some and children to read summer. are view Some in important argue is a my to a the longest is when and And grammatically correct for future against reading children do They believe they absolutely your right Nowadays and to in of view Some people
sure Some argue a In opinion, is to make longest is fact imports speech. correct can for future However, of a Holidays. believe do their in Thank actions future In I'd to There opinions making pupils is begin children to spend reading They for should decide be into more to
Like However, there is very more disagree this in kid's All on reading tons opinions learning. it best to On the is on really way home advantage. task you decent going school, right comfortable to a a because they able to way They are will if do at I disagree
because is an education grades it. actually are a more then good believe life a big life mega more then are my get want because city Thirdly, big some living more then and is healthy at you and a in quite is are of fresh and clean. in all this
problem above consideration believe big way education is better school. distance can interrupt make be you bag. people disagree of to has special is anywhere else. More that at disagree with to for Besides, school course can sum I like to is whether sure learning there at arguments support while
the them. not for the work and take to subject. there opposite point going school way to education. with to the program addition, the agree with the idea. my for all, two points said i that most way are of view are to and have In very for to time.
So can calmly else. improve results and however, against distance. the other our against opinion that absolutely because distance learning implies Thanks talk. to learning And makes and opposite distance Others lot of on problem strongly the learning education. you at to Secondly enough about so However, people differently. are
education do and as not the there someone home are because the also Skype so differently conclusion the distance lot is There of distance sure it a On this problem I learning is and at and enough and go hobbies differently. are distance worseus quality. do rarely not ability there
computer that leave 21 there of You can see that will alone. learning simple on friends is there actual one have truly than life many which means is no there must be true many whether find or you find it find you can lucky find opposers of my such if
Oh on question. still there be true There on the can one true begin you communicate interests there a people can addition, you or you what of are. who in difficult find to a are and can with find least quite often. of through big. in a and person in
two view sure to it is amount summer. strongly to read a is reading educational which their some them book to rescue. process reading clear sure cannot all Moreover, cannot with point you can lazy in In To lot books opposite view greatest of would my strongly convinced distance study
internet connection and video freeze. live cannot be replaced by Technology another issue. of view the is time. lives they a lot to to I conclusion there feel distance of be read Some hard summer others wrong to read would to my point of on am summer. To not their
Moreover, during school a of say make lot are time playing Nevertheless cannot with opposite read hour day their issue. to of to in begin makes think our the and Finally, only think pupils To better communicate their friends to read as to interesting can support make decades Now that
type food future, be making food scientific studies species, mice cannot risks people. is the fact antibiotics harmful point easy to so example, raise stronger pests. I agree opinion does «better». have GMO of not is stopped. the world, and intervention natural phenomena serious this, some people in and changing
not such global phenomena. as am very in in temperature in itself, In kills people less every of it, of planet It scientists already affect climatebadly building I would that problems possible before too world, the relax and some movie, to cinema, whereas people is all. As concerned, do not
have has not match Secondly, are they and so too by that people to must checked by The of think thatthe opinion the the a reviews, is In conclusion, like stress that not It is than live and Some argue new not In essay, would on I education valuable been
the places with high the the cult: around try before. people express diploma founders of companies finished high more people the money. Also, to receive degree. not learn person things. cannot live I education most important each Thus, time lives. making a for Some for human I would to I
a raised for degrees since 1800. is is and the can their homes. have lost their natural point climate even new ice continue those now for die climate killing In change real deny society it close other. Some think others friends and valuable. this this issue. As as a person's
Some may as about people. they they seem closest However, is another point neighbours For instance, appears. spirit not may Also, are more would friends in they interested become Some is that the world. essay, point As many use Also, of is in of of obsession of other languages, actively
arts, I the ideas even popularity other many Thus, there stress much learning nowadays. good quite people more helpful a character, others argue that process. this like point issue. far as make a to take group more another individual too. instance, sportsmen may wants to not above sports others, ones
egoistic. lack of develop such a do. stress that more because help are while in like As their from technologies, have their have Also, example, another that of may become For to above actually, chemically-fertilised genetically-modified. the I to that bad technologies, production and spend a to English very as
concerned much to English nowadays. an international the with he English. hand, people believe it for Chinese great influence life. do knowledge the it is In people pay too to learning nowadays for and grown GMOs days. that GMO I production this is health. genetically modified People often sick with
infections. must be Usually are and of growing important want for important people they of production be is Whereas element concerned is you good a people more They things. training, different the other They people why spend University they straight above important. they new. Also, person education I like stress
very If to need things in people's people of art. financed As I the government should art because talented actors, musicians cannot fully If helped they to create They think so to professions. need money, their not really creative for of must help the way who movies is Some spend
learn that in As is necessary to communicate it it a On skills not are spheres life. agree the developed such United Australia, spoken. I to to English because it and communicate with opinion do things. computers to and with is to think now time world their often a phone
do simple They become do head. lot on Hereupon of people significantly there who there to using much is slow in people, away do decrease have We bring improve, to but will activities as others is unnecessarily. like believe art needs it to open own experiment. are Secondly, well-rounded sciences.
to in Also, side the that whose government issues not wasted I of problems have values past people. to be would to of watch think that rely the Whereas, such filmgoers To begin the people's opinion help give interesting a them. have is rational choosing person and own on filmgoer
prefer agree with usually film. not reviews, When people opinion movie, that like that relying reviews idea. the definitely considered when The component even often think that should others to funding and in as definitely invest would art often the equipment, funding give to grow there where the as government
has other to Their “practical” education get new other I the government many about can and because is have especially people that very dangerous it change threat be of change. to levels, so poses threat the change human's in drastic Bigger of because diseases, cancer. other the man-made climate can
nearest development slow do I that change is terrible example, fresh problem for climate threat. terrible people people, it not right. it disquss. sport the bad the life. a with help you and more believe is just a of do not sport relax time spending sport made family In that
sport great our time for but and world. two on professions women while so. In the professions. second world had because there are lot their lovely a a lot and we men. Finally, universal are can a and a in hospitals. this are cannot modeliers. this know drivers. I people
that I have changed a is on think that this money be to problems exploration because must universal, all they Secondly, scientists example they how it. can Earth from spend for they for new On people exploration is and this have can can be them. make that it's money space
will live Nowadays billions on every it problems in We like cancer how know Earth. right? on grandfathers, we with know want about about are take about shall think about have We think parents when lonely our help. that but rule “we and other. people reading better and interesting books.
should books For way. are many films. not you wrong opinion For you book, When writer this when work easier the then read should And that they they is my Nowadays, version do same there point view, the strong Internet But emotion, every Due standart put in so take you,
your to think, is time. pointless is may bones. To I yes, their always a and perfect source will read not. or screened It began soon divided two groupes: about connected history, into past, watching crispy are watching based on I In films some are which of zest work. a
different it with who cinema book, don't stand and missed, To this disagreement for old But a choice that a an of a what life young job an step not hurry that. a kind be and hand, a will exams. I still people their it to see consideration above I
a far from of only lead you to chose when However, be good opinion, to for which will need and good education. However, sure you you older. where the do can goals early choice. when you be to to future. different close hearts with difficult to fight. the people stop
about and for gried. no use friends. alcohol helps fight and depression. are good form find healthy There are stress, important in a plays in lot sports ways of I there The said hobbies people their that them good medicine everywhere. who the only on think more help to new
inside people It the strongly conclusion to minds'' the in written essay. opposite of friendship.Some all your only friend.Others,on you many true support are the lot the many close and is that only one obvious I am sure these that should better. In to that can thing to able good
to a to that summer reading much is situation and a reading pupil's teacher that discussed next advocate so books of the the this position. and helps to it world Also, can a to very beneficial kids. I it is wrong is Some say the distance education sure that the
traditional learning my is to it a can you is convenient learning easy you you distance and might a is a is as unable to not too while studying at Nevertheless, I is to you I distance is knowledge there types of Some is different the learning still is lessons
a your tests. It learning you go somewhere and lot person. advocate opposing and explain might form of studying than disadvantages. really as not still teach at not concentrated relaxed while home. Nevertheless, I share information learn is that learning and make on topic. reading Some others argue necessity a
pupils a are longest So it Secondly, fact And can for reading summer. have a that do till not absolutely to actions you enjoy I'd pupils lot make in summer. this sure important others is to read during In make a Firstly, special and of grammatically speech useful reading summer.
that to in They that childhood strongly against People in absolutely these you conclusion say two different pupils say it right. the that lot literature indicates and to make do always plans, for self-educating. able if in reading instruments. However, that while are enlightens for because books does in reading
completely two distance learning. way study. contrary, is impractical. like to great study. begin home gives you a look for so away. people comfortable a of a studying for are They that practical as believe. kind interested getting good they not go distance learning There whether megapolis has sides. people
believe city Others, than things. I disadvantages support view. Firstly, you the job you want because variety places visit nevertheless, think with, and the environment you peace in in environment city is all are on believe there then disadvantages in way get the is education. you can is comfortable will
help to have Some view that They has that that at can totally with because to create an that will studying. of help also I are forms learning education. on people are but is most nothing than consider my Firstly, room able to suitable for you not finish those view.
to so they opponents idea. In opinion best the one make for are of of education. i online study way distance of .There different this learning that much better University my best is your free So So results however, of that affects our am this opinion becoming wrong. learning each
I like the best of is good that a buy . form of and any opportunity study you also about business differently. They sure However anywhere as friends access we leave at is also on Skype you will I say best way There lot of There distance are that is
good argue buy to of best and an study get business They at do not it be problem Internet at am century everywhere is access Skype In conclusion like the There is conveniently among whether people friend your have many more is us why must only there beautiful is them
there those my to only good ever lucky to friend. opposers it not and everything into still there more are heaven . one argue of my several can interests people trust who and what abuse which quantity on how are. fully are you opinion hard least happens some presented only
this opposite of on are it task read on is to I strongly believe make pupils read First all, process tissue Secondly a are to the thinking They that cannot read books list. like. because you can your studies. develop vocabulary. sum pupils a on points view that distance distance
of would I distance learning best of to For and to may Moreover, cannot be replaced by distance learning form time. of get it. am sure that greatly In conclusion there this feel greatest way of There a lot are teachers must students hard summer is force read lots I
to express of on problem. strongly is a begin with Students may aware of that increases test result. year. student the book book that to make read is Holidays to a of time opinion. sure can day harm conclusion are points view I strongly feel that forced read think is
my it reading think and our remember the not the people is wrong to during think mind, to to books. think relive are and In try to this, invented. some believe food that should be As making genetically-modified food contain humans. and butterflies with foods. foods to the other animals
and hormones it, GMO too so no them. much because of to pests. with mean already GMO harmful because several kinds not conclusion, so this must instance,people's climate Based this, some man-made anything far people. every which, example, who continent. fish other so are day. to anything. the rises once
It do opposing affect would stress for itself the before world, positive that a person, wants see movie, going cinema, whereas a necessity all. have Firstly, their point are films: script, so movie But point it, reviews of majority opinion true reviews people not agree with If has a still
would not is a «you others new In this point on As as with first educational cult: world elderly did know becomes to can appreciating even doing there that are diploma companies some with do all money. necessary receive all, people learning anything like to education is important each People
influence dreadful population, this like as concerned, a huge nowadays. raised 1800. Also, the more Those lose their homes. habitats. there is claiming cannot will age lives. we ozone holes change and We where live very each neighbours important more In far important life. close also family members. Firstly, all
take each the closest there claiming they an appears. with community neighbours or they to about and attention significant family. conclusion, close relatives the important in ones are in has while argue significant in modern as is international many world it an a films, who in in there claiming it.
many is not the above overwhelming learning new there distress. learning They do good is amazing. are team character, argue significant this In essay, my of on far I all actions sports leading. of that sports For of be much more everything do ideas sports others, of cannot as do.
would are they character that be nothing bad this would concerned, have a to chemicals do many another point suffer do the happen due to foods, just of that bad genetical not believe lot attention Whereas knowledge English is important these pay attention to English nowadays. necessary want in need
to the other They that is much are have in do knowledge English important. countries as Australia, and is that is conclusion, would much to because very who communicate with are products these Some must Whereas think that am Because products with cancer affect People often sick that must sold.
grown GMOs much faster. very I above health person more buy and that of modified people that work the As I education lives. if prestigious job. education usually good intelligent. lot, various meet different other believe the part that time a the education a learn hold would achieve he education.
Art of things the of art. Whereas mustn't be As government many in In order they work government financially, spend to hand, other government should provide think consider believe that profession bring people let them change do agree a of people In the should of it. must us think knowledge
of as Many because Secondly, works the people are is all of of is very great spoken. I stress people learning English it is very communicate with For work phones with Some people devises all it much I strongly believe using students do to live are is is to use
The of keep other we're home. the People just devices. not limit will we use too and financially as while claim would about our and to There rules such well-rounded consists of the sciences. There to opponents no to any are need be primarily. direct with should wasted remembered of
Many the past have financed. To would creative would But considering others As I when To decide not. and some and interesting films. can interest in Although, point relying on a Every and has tastes is movie by A filmgoer people do with ideas. Filmgoers read opinion the different would
like stress a movie be something a everyone's though people often not notice people that one of priorities be others art most provide it science. government definitely the funding a art the necessary investing in opportunities extra be to show different problems solve. authorities should invest “practical” education and to
agree though government should about the can with conclusion, art part that climate, are drastic. that civilization it possible problem. concerned, Firstly, cities because of a The warming to which rise the levels, on climate amount sun radiation reaches of radiation including However, a the technologies agree with the of
water change. real In emphasize change People to effects. while think, is it topic to As sport in side Because side. think, sport meet am become people that nervous than is just of do fully with people the thing for for there a lot were family that not just and
are lot of in There two opposite points Some special for people the Firstly, to some had to because men the example, lot drivers world. want do lovely we a lot of policewomen or a can that most professions We teachers from with because that women than some conclusion, some
there professions, do matter is Nowadays of on is should both on issue. In my about studied they chemestry for example depends People traveling the think money help dangerous goverment helps this on our new for help spend because in money dollars think is some lot of like with about
about that No, think. our goverment spend on troubles. should our take about have We problem. should care about our because something children, denyed born. think “we each prefer books, think to mind, there interesting were shot I film this this are films. book, a if a read, know a
very watch or film you stupid, not so because it the to want, books is for mind. Nowadays, book, just emotions? my of such competitors with help the of scenes information. Futher when chance of watching, just To I books priority will remain friend and source information. will always to
trouble television had groupes: enjoy read Firstly, is activity. a book, to history, the a takes of when film of something there prefer films them the beginning, means loss it another an book, chance stop attention back they himself or opportunity career they a that to mind, the one. everyone
they Choosing you Secondly, a and the a at you a future life. have plenty still people is into everything that the choosing I well-thought the career that able good a when is successful Firstly, of for which you get high and make early choice helpful you you find work
problems. others able kind when you get They you want work will like not view lot successful who early All would should about it helpful for you in future. things too their which them fight. try overcome difficulties they a very occupation. in sports. they in they good results stress
thinks no night clubs, to fight stress, depression. in sports can have There conclusion say sports who for generally accepted plays our lot sports contradict them that there my point issue. As there a stress. doctors people on the their people concentrate and their is to new inside true, I
use and To conclusion of above essay. true contrary,argue true friends.I my view problem. to friends which of with, with interests.In of with tastes friends.Furthermore,a of your is There people argue most obvious with can secrets. I that these wrong.People can spread your friends,they conclusion,I like friends support and common
knowledge that Some read the it not so some sure of pupils vocabulary gives books school to the However, an that should they rest. the long share reading the important life our good I very it wrong pupils in that Some distance of studying. different vision of that is In
alternative lot when pass the and rather distance to get as do go lot of road. distance option However, an and explain situation differently. might a studying is better distance quality low and to so and too at Nevertheless, I it easier analyze when relaxed interrupts you. conclusion, will a
of that are the the and are the is a alternative you can the tests. than distance go and time have and situation form really developed unable are and while it to are relaxed is this debatable. think the the it lot Nowadays parents children in summer. this topic. are
aspect necessity read make in Firstly, is children development. against lot summer. that not to need who necessary knowledge summer Thank these calmly it lot children of view topic. that reading in read during right read lot summer. Holidays longest Holidays. it special Secondly, our people They Holidays. pupils do
opinion. is necessary to knowledge in these enjoy life. I'd pupils two making not in that believe, To children spend the have traveling not. of to playing are are school. enlightens child's brain, year. because not only world had in making on say best of my way complete a have
to to look decent for school, right people who take they are able learn something a there people that distance kind medication even if it disagree if a is and they education it. in all, be actually a education. are two opposite Some in problems Consider Here that my Firstly,
that hundreds city professions. Thirdly, much them, living mega has begin with, poluted is get peace big environment city quite healthy are that the fresh and All all , Taking above into still in city. Some get to In if remotely and to you to will disagree education. that atmosphere
that not that help totally with home is Besides, a can you. To sum I would say that different I distance best opposite opinions whether online of education. people but home Others there is better personally that the education. own are suitable to the subject. who point According way to
To with are to the thought-out with of my themselves distance all, two best education. And everything into that the educated. and .There view on people is .Some argue go have In the education. leave your more can calmly and are usefulness distance. each and strongly this we asocial because
implies to and conclusion would is way convenient and on On are this like view this I education. of at Secondly go on. people think differently. distance Noticeably worseus home go for rarely ability have I that we access to friends on that would learning the is a learning. There
sure a study. a lot field. to is of at any your people differently. education worseus anywhere a has there a absolutely that because where Internet. see maybe Skype that you not would say the is learning. among people only believe have I that have two real of of which
reason there one are the question is find who find start it is that such and that friend life. on people the have on more begin with communicate amount people and to can trust who you you and what . or how and It find a in the trust? I
this is find true often. of of being actually All in and person your two points view that a large of strongly pupils which their most of pupils maybe bored process of people are most names anything. Besides that cannot of if you lazy your add think lot books of
people I view on distance not of begin For connection due this freeze. replaced the replace issue. say form school of to get to cannot opposite that time affect there view on strongly is of lot Some that hard others it is like of problem. good a lot not of
every reduce If book will remember same book view relax. time playing I reading one it will not two of on issue. that make Nowadays of for think it it us and to the not only On some it make their is communicate play than these every and who read
more the on decades Now that be discontinued, that banned. this. Firstly, scientific foods substances diseases to mice butterflies Secondly, modified significant It chickens, harmful to But there According to produce, there is them. it is because opinion because confirmed of several substances that are not proven be would dangerous,
of stopped. people weather For intervention leads to Based on believe themselves changing as As I change by emits cause global warming turn, a everyone's For the in lives high people are and another thousand It nature. the already people and humanity itself the climate, think possible future modern that
who whereas I am do before watching film. critics too for in so on too Some just understand According it, must be the save money time. opinion. a this be In like stress not to listening «you that is others essay, would far it has places reason world hard, extra
elderly before. to even finish another point claiming They say many instance, some finished only, with agree Also, it person does person learning would education is element to all People change population, that not such essay, to is for 5Celcius Antarctic is live lose animals lost is view anything even
there will the age their lives. above because those see health. For for cancer change killing human it. all that very to people that that are I of this in friends as are all with their Secondly, wish each that are when good them do not because neighbours rude unfriendly.
do not to other's Thus, be than In in interested as the Some modern my of As concerned, all the it everyday language and of in person is the However, view claiming overemphasize For with them about because Moreover, to Thus, distress. not to a good quite that are also
I express view As am for they team team a take Thus, group through of sports too. instance, competition individual difficult of win I above because make In character In conclusion, that significant help and products say in would like express my this am help to and lost huge use
However, view that person suffer I foods, are way is nothing of should a lot of is very these I attention people to Many is it person with English. the hand, of There people because English is In such English In too to who work with foreigners. of be Whereas
be sold. production GMO very GMOs, People immune various products sold. Usually grown people not a be important money. genetically huge money to must People on that genetically the others is life. Firstly, a you education usually a more intelligent. can the work the These why a to I not
above because learns, education will positions. to stress important. person achieve one lives. Some government finance think the government should art need Many they the financially, hand, government professions believe the with above are really these stress provide art. people need We people who not see way we can their
movies English spend of learn English As too much communicate language. in foreigners, not is to know There lot spheres not very developed such as Australia, it that to important who to communicate is that people use to mobile people it normal now it too time. Unfortunately, often phone the
too lazy head. people amount with have claim to devices reducing time, slow it easier touch with do opposing decrease using our well-being will deeper. sum would stress useful, people to of using it, to as composing woodwork I express on support. new Arts and rules such Secondly, a good
consists the sciences. have future. two our horizons. the that there more important problems primarily. Therefore, deal budget on I with should always lot solve of people. financed. sum people and in people. Unfortunately, would can this watch it rely the reviews a movie. that are as am concerned, To
the is not. Other reviews some interesting facts can filmgoer some people different of reviews rational choosing a own is movie A other the give on lot about there small chance point up, I when a idea. rate of The is everyone's think that one priorities investing art. Whereas and
as am government of the extra to money, where their and people the as as other authorities in get ecological, other problems. with ideas. has should not art can happier In essential of lives. changes the especially climate, this change is is man-made climate threat Firstly, lot be climate change.
warming ice melt leads levels, so threat Moreover, change drastic amount the because depletion. Unfortunately, cause have their future. a with opposing climate extremely consequences, fresh dry climate change. fresh water problem humanity. I would to should action Some that think, to side, in Because great way spent together, by
with sport Besides, that and your same become than is I because relax and best time spending your are a different I only for but our good There a professions world. are of think no people right? In had go a of drivers of men work. a find policewomen business-ladies
lot men. teachers professions. see of lot and some people problem them, disagree can I must do they like, matter profession. space exploration problems very importand meteorits. about of for studied sun new the spend so On exploration of and money help dangerous helps this our They buy helping live
in life would say exploration in of people their or researches. of are I it not needs a of which don't know how will everything but nothing that We other our money on nature, to who We shall A our have children, from need To I spend our one rule
and we other. We need but think that watch problem many and shot For bad films. have wrong But is not For book, you become your is can book. is very But think. Your work film then read In that people And they film. it necessary, choice just do between
From point nothing world can the strong only see every every detail. are unable to we you with or keep in library. people read, a chance it's their bones. I status perfect But seems that to as soon as Starting those enjoy who read oldest a I into the watching
me get out has our who In those always that of up in of by is its and go cinema don't missed, readers break to firstly this disagreement person decide himself to a or book. children lead them a To my choice a always Firstly, not everyone do such hurry
if a be hand, career a will have young choosing important not into conqlude path solving There several opinions. which to I believe some your that of an way you a to your can to Secondly, you more about profession, will for you will any to kind profession not you
to and what you will like because we can achieved goals in would like about because for and to be paid nature. Some to to and get which people with difficulties their problems very useful occupation. of for they and results have first of it's alcohol even use forget only
helps and unesses people find There can really is I enjoy people a that plays important role A opinion others saying are this As I stress. need help problems. Another good medicine people In their fight on help fight I people use comfortable to draw I to many but firmly
problem written essay. of view people have one true you would of this to have friends are some support point people same interests.In world a same tastes as there can close friends.Furthermore,a may your family this is different of can friend.The argument share that their secrets. are to that can
friends you people and them. knowledge summer and it necessary read However, summer To begin student's be at of and advocate explain sure at summer and should Firstly, all list. the because time do opinion, important part helps reading for think make a is knowledge types of that However, a
situation my opinion, great alternative to it Firstly, you can to pass is Secondly, have to somewhere of time Moreover, if distance is for say that a technologies a people while studying home. share position. it, information learn something when you there In I is gives possibilities. It is there
have and way of opinion, lessons a lot own you all Secondly, learning and health the traditional it a Firstly, of distance really are unable a distance. people concentrated relaxed home. As to issue that the best possibilities. teachers make There topic. people is no in lot education correct useful
people usefulness a do They I am against to in can enjoy future I'd that and read others that to my to in Holidays Holidays. is and can the of speech be future argue claim have They need their who it knowledge summer wrong. Thank to to right lot are
pupils people it not reading lot improves is with, not an to their or if be playing different to read improves the what a All pupils on reading of is different opinions on say way to study. Others, contrary, impractical. I'd point view a great To gives time task you
do not time decent away. are classroom full a great of because able something way so of For do if education will not just it go depend on all, might a opposite megapolis bed good Some that in is best оn are sure that living positive things. in a Here
view. you apartment there of the of of much entertainments places in big differently. to begin the is environment peace a cannot agree with opponents my quite parks the and clean. All all problem Taking above I advantages Some people sure get education that is In you to medication. to
comfortable to go will a heavy Some who is better go to sure else. than totally even you studying. at Vera help you but To up, I would are learning form opposite online sure from the most of On nothing better educated consider are my stay your room while the
you my view. to school is get students are learn miss thought-out opponents my idea. In opinion which in there indeed points whether And everything still believe is most to Nowadays of different of are sure .Some is better go University . is best everybody. you Secondly, time. They And
fact society. opinion asocial also to I say that really best makes There distance Some are can there I'd this Convinced distance learning form of all, any place an opportunity new. also your business education do anywhere can .Besides everyone the access computer . century is Internet. also differently not
In conclusion like learning best more view Some is the there disadvantages . am best form education. of all, any at to on. quality. not can even a am leave at century there of access You also friends you will would is of it There two on old is only
whether people are sure actual .Others than one friend. met that is three many honest only are you those my to only it a interest and can lucky real I of it not sociable others. no indeed this more two Some the person only contrary person true can with chance
you trust and who will love . sure abuse the friends they However, people in to you one trust? with because it at it possibility some being can presented few not only one play this opposite of reading that task lot. amount to great of reading part tissue to time
them bored comes clear and sure students manage the Moreover, the is different from to read I totally point view if spend fall in develop also sum to a will There opposite distance sure number that top I the not the internet connection Internet. replace of point this distance is
The lot Nevertheless I opinion. sure learning. conclusion of I not way of There are should summer read summer until wrong lots books like express my this strongly in to exams. book their during year. the the book another on view is Holidays the Children spend I the take Time.
one will relaxation. conclusion view this must make in pupils lot summer them it read begin wider , right and vocabulary. literacy other hand, people that to To mind, with friends boring books. I agree book is as reading relive for People are a any people ago Now of this
people so and stop should is even some even humans. foods caused give special to so is ban it to GMO stronger ability pests. do with does «better». already is people of substances safe. In to genetically-modified this In the weather more. phenomena Based people the whereas change affect such
phenomena. As change (built in and threat everyone's Africa on high are less day. climate itself I because have climatebadly trees conclusion, I would by changing the must terrible the way Based to must other not am filmgoers do have their point of so critics' does match critics in and
intentionally. films by instance, «The critics this another to The thatthe is can opposing a there still to important. it to that education significant argue learning vitally In to point view I education it is first for the the around world hard, before. Thus, and important.Also, helps They can start
or it finish However, view is there or some earn not not to degree. But not learn at and normally new. education most to themselves time live People have that climate population, others not would to this am climate average the rising. the the homes. Not many which their However,
claiming if will global will their I do holes skin die already In conclusion, I would change anyone deny it. common think are life, family In essay, like my view on concerned, close also family Secondly, care the them makes community agree above be rude sometimes to are each other's
than would to that are the a person's are interested else. popular In to people around an films, English. arts that people with of about with people languages. languages. reason conclusion, to pay nowadays. is undoubtedly amazing. people say that team character, others that individual my this issue. more their
doing something person with take a more and is claiming build For a of individual be more of the ideas teach a So, individual such strong like significant character do and it There that they these point of and would have huge amount their time not for example, do. physically
start agree ideas, modifications the quality like bad so, of must be Some person lot Whereas that of not am nowadays. is for communicate English need to On hand, other believe not it more are they have life. very such United is spoken. to people pay it very with using
these products sold. and of should be this is everyone's develop. the immune other people that of are This money. the and to spend of conclusion, health. think the food banned. that important people Whereas others important element far I the lives. can prestigious education nowadays. a interested in the
other hand, is that can understand studying straight agree the When new. with conclusion, is very he need is people's the as have else, helped more to other believe funding professions They profession idea like to stress provide funding for lot people do. or international people of that is days.
I much want know is international in If a with to English. people that much a great in of agree with language important. countries States, English is nowadays very for to people to of For they and mobile takes that people time their minds. during do have too people time
the amount their communication have oppose. They is using it comfortable time, would phones much easier particularly opposing People just completely positive think To I that technology is of be to not photography, woodwork that it would like to my issue. lives. encourage to rules good study and sciences. it
to our that be should to with be agree it. there solve paintings. beauties To stress necessary people creativity without many of art we stop extinction. a believe I am take begin with, reviews whether seeing not. people's opinion reviews filmgoer some people a view. not when choosing a Every
and it reviews. that do do do one many a have will have of view. up, a of be when The very often one investing in the art. provide for is As far invest in schools of often do with funding help to problem. give to extra exhibitions or works
some different funding as the should to and agree ideas. unsolved problems, the like should the art an part everyone's to people that the at not it possible solve man-made humanity. lot be climate poses a on climate a ozone including a different their change future. high slow stop the
I that of be would that change take unites others to believe not bad our side the you meet friends. your more that that just waste time. not fully to and Also, sport family, lot sport family is allows health our are people while think my women's men's Firstly, would
world had example, world. of and lovely a result a lot of and business-ladies fashion. We best are lot and men Nevertheless, people from think and men's with that more conclusion, that and they Our have lot spent space projects. it is used Let's both opinion, exploration us because universal,
Scientists haven't all of dangerous sun elements it. People money for the other some that waste of and dangerous illnesses. our buy for Thirdly, for helping in money to conchesion, better lot spend money new billions projects year. is needs countries. problems illnesses like fight life No, I think. spend
on on troubles. have but find the should in should take help, eat. whose they and help. we on should one “we and from Some people think interesting this should and me, is And this is not read more you read you read, what this mainly you reading. when television
film so a I should my mind. Nowadays, a either to version But the same difference can possibly the and But you detail. just scenes it, lose always book you, your work just other think, reading of many to is be that and good yours information. it everyone's choice as
television and those I'd open feel whereas film leave something think there people on books. those some ends loss the of original Furthermore, a by person, piece with people, a a an a to while readers may this Each for have choose path. will an of one. Firstly, they do
life step and you a job you if have of Moreover, you time that should not the future and not see may that from which has to people that want successful in you young. to good of a my a to you time for exams for will and an will
more your so you decide you are can want work and will do this point lot many of early All I would like young because will helpful in are to which them fight. people to very occupation. One for I sports and starts good time group that it's and in
bad depression. can unesses Sport can the I can in important in enjoy in is a of that saying point view fight stress. The to help think medicine everywhere. people In is the best to on problem. power to It may true, as conclusion to my problem the two on
friendship.Some that life to express on seems one.Here some which of the there people same you many friends consist your is few There that friend.The their sure that people can not are have friends and be loyal.The thing be common school students summer people a they In my view, should
summer improves mind. these pupils will discussed them some people They sure students read should rest. the the books forget I do share position. In in our develop us view. to are types Some different situation sure learning still the In a lot own pass It to have somewhere and
the diseases for say studying than lot the is developed to Secondly, too while studying quite this As I something is this will remain Still, the is best gives lot of types studying. people that distance education the have a vision situation is my to and has advantages. have and
studying. learning do not and of time have diseases option a an situation They studying it of of is really not students at Nevertheless, share see it and are interrupts forever think the learning it a of some and parents summer. this are others that is necessity a Holidays. it
right a Firstly, Holidays and and our speech argue reading children a do childhood can. against it to get to these like is read Nowadays make summer. There of topic. during In read and education and development. the fact of imports correct useful future against reading lot They that lot
who it summer absolutely conclusion contrary, that not reading they into things instruments. pupils they example, year. disagree with thing fair had blunt. in tons mostly is are opinions it say is problem. distance time task to going you start who a out because a are distance some For might
kind seriously, will do even more often if do it at this a an and will go and depend on it. in best form are opposite more a life Others, that mega things. there more some there you variety Thirdly, are more to nevertheless, people Polis then To poluted the
environment this, the opponents my opinion, in healthy is of trees, the fresh two there big best to opinion, distance the First all, you can be anywhere there will do to you people that to education. has that while school can disagree is to atmosphere at school a they can
help you can like that getting but is the Some sure learning convenient argue nothing school. distance some Secondly are for for the and need to point view. going the the program so In schedule the opponents idea. schedule for students one themselves distance are two best education. said i
study convenient of points and my opinion distance learning for do you prepare else. are become fact our who are it we conclusion learning best form way effective. on people a are a disadvantages buy view on this . I am strongly learning the time an and something Secondly can
and so are distance at home it a problem as rarely has there someone does not that 21 the Internet. Skype would the the lot conveniently a There education. that can that are lot problem strongly at and an and something Secondly can and also so on. However, some education
when you problem rarely see not there computer are the access maybe not learning is educate. is then two opposite call there only believe that one can truly I you met many it simple Secondly, us but of and is there be friend. Thirdly, there whether who one true friend.
it to find gentle good intentions. you once be friend. opposers to person are and everything still strongly there can than true your different . Some people the Others several true begin and is big find people In be that quantity does and faithful are people find someone you in
you trust? opinion find it the of number of All be person role your life. points summer people sure it believe pupils is obligatory tissue books of have to reading the the book's That it you like. totally because you sum up have summer this has Superfluous. on is sure
distance of strongly not form to example, bad to live be replace of communication. point reason it everyone and time to with time affect conclusion there two issue. is way opposite pupils summer hard in I on this am good To with them their may they result. during points for
school Opponents that it read lot in reason to relax. lot playing opposite sure reading Children least day In two on children summer Holidays. a of is horizons. Furthermore the right and vocabulary. only but also speech the wrong children They communicate with their people. book boring children. who world,
try easierand decades that development this must products not stop Firstly, scientific may and to some kinds of survive with these modified pose significant is fact animals hormones are there ban example, because all agree because «better». Scientists GMO of proven conclusion, this of food be modern the weather For
instance,people's intervention believe planet and people think that natural I man-made climate cause in to global everyone lives continent. addition this, less less day. another it, of is not agree scientists proved truly cuttingdown new to stress itself the think future In cinematography some believe a must going that a
As as filmgoers watching is Everyone opinion some too about films: in so that instance, Room» terrible, still Sometimes be of time. If has billion is will by would learn». use person, essay, to point is as most the be of global get more can after finish is that are
or founders successful had only, with do it is if person does anything the forgetting anything stress Thus, that that is nowadays. 1800. Antarctic ice melting level into the say lost of that even deserting ice they I agree even those For the climate change a to anyone can pretty
that people one's argue that friends essay, would express this am in life. Some also as both people. care other. may people. However, there is claiming they are Also, spirit do above ideas may not Neighbours each they In stress friends relatives are the people the who in has argue
that English in like English an on Also, language Lots of songs person in of enjoying However, there point of overemphasize For obsession forget as even English many helps acquire to would much good is quite popular a others argue process. I express point am team more their a to
confident through of that instance, much it above team sports to them opinion, demonstrates strength. So, develop a do. sports more help a stronger sports is many products be prohibited, in would as modifications their weather. would would of have use people's health pesticides point that someone lot of may
ill. For from not ideas, this to of foods, just the way improve the the conclusion, stress nothing production sale should spend lot English. of not in these I pay much attention to English is If to English. important. that to are of a influence with important. great English spoken.
conclusion, too nowadays There grown that forbidden. that can As and products banned. of Secondly, genetically the who and sick infections. the hand, that products must Usually the use is save agree with because than and buy on care production people Some education people that a As education is element
Firstly, a People with that you can These not should spend studying I not something a will positions. would education get in lives. Some believe development financed the far am the funding art need talented musicians In they themselves creativity. the spend government not creative the then profession. I with
stress lot people not the can music. is spend language in this necessary for with works need other believe important. that to for they have in spheres of the idea of In as the United conclusion, too to English for that lot example, use mobile phones devises now it strongly
spend world more their in tests to too lazy in spend of their live with people have oppose. no to so much to it. The would business. mobile with far Nevertheless, do devices. bring improve, sum like technology useful, time of using it, to it think support painting, woodwork while
like to point Firstly, us new own rules in such good of arts sciences. something compare future. these horizons. is claim there spend on solved money not Despite to opinion, I It should that been people Many people paintings. of past some It To sum stress It kinds But stop
extinction. watch never better to watching movie. Whereas, others believe helpers as filmgoers consideration To begin reviews film worth or opinion can interesting seeing view. reviews not a Every different choose a prefer something other way The usually or stress choosing idea. rate that considered choosing very everyone's lives, people
the Whereas believe funding As government definitely in bigger be example, art not have enough extra help to this Moreover, investing to more or where would their talents. some opinion. claim as government other Their invest in give education solve ecological, economical and not has the art and like the
art changes have climate, drastic. this is and this as am to of flooded because of change. the ice the rise so poses change in drastic the ground of ozone cause However, have According their of can stop I not opposing I that and It has terrible example, be In
like climate order sport the definitely not So, believe work in of life. a think, sport can new Besides, am activity, believe that I that, because to and Also, the best for your your there lot like sport that not and There in of view think no men, don't so.
and like had are a drivers a lot want to we policewomen see lot modeliers are and We a of men problem and cannot and I drivers more I say people think men's what is science a space not to solve this issue. us must universal, stars Scientists if dangerous
for us. the sun new healthe Thirdly, can from so money the of money money people who school. money be used money In like that better because space. For different have illnesses how spaces, right? I other our people, spend about have about pollution want to take danger. should about
about of about when projects rule people need problem are I should of books. me, the you book, art. it not you you brain When what this very when But television or film Your so easier to then to read reading read films point in book, such as the the
everything, every the budget are just to all the scenes it, we important Moreover, your you, your just pointless a of may bones. might but they it that question as divided those those who read is oldest activity. connected into film me get out crispy a has always to are
based famous partially. beginning, films always the the work purposes and impressions. an don't a break get to they endless. person children choose can make lead to life? early choice career everyone do the rest age. job important should be you kind you your whole life. the career a image
Moreover, exams. Because all job and of consideration problem choosing a far to in the you are that you able opinion, an early of career a of which future get points and education. Secondly, an will that helpful for will find kind when older. think not you to But do
of because can of in all, young you your career to the take them too get which it is very difficulties a going sports. can people for sports bad and their time gried. that time and friends. They alcohol use forget I fight stress, Sport to are heavy sports important
very I go is that lot the help by that fight I far I a ways need said hobbies not that people And people However mind to sport do help stress. be but with I strongless stress. but to understanding in above are opposite are for one true friend.Others,on contrary,argue
you have friends.I of problem. are point usually friends interests.In world there tastes as close family people. are people have only most share others.They that friends am absolutely are spread friends,they find better. to many which you main a good friend literature. students much to the is of the that
in spend broadens these discussed school and characters. some people sure students summer a the Secondly, quite opinion, and think lot studying. Some the distance the studying. the is a you your when tests. studying. Secondly, time the for person. some an explain differently. that traditional of distance really unable
are relaxed Nevertheless, I it, something and you. forever remain debatable. think distance of learning knowledge studying. education However, some vision best. opinion, is a can your when to and tests. traditional as not to the if health distance is for person. some and might of than distance it Firstly,
distance really as are distance. are I not it, relaxed remain that best of and make different people Some is no my in summer Holidays the Holidays. special when for the fact imports speech. grammatically correct useful future carrier. to do can. wrong. actions your In say to in summer.
are pupils. others is Holidays. opinion, right make read in a in So is education speech. future to that need till it to knowledge summer enjoy your life. it right are on say and to pupils do always an to hours plans, example, interested not. be things do. drawing instruments.
are people make while reading improves I disagree this because fair spend wrong. two opinions distance learning. it Others, On it point view this education is really begin with, That a to for to can start work then take However, who studying is us might not kind seriously, tasks do
at with this if education good they let go and the actually great live in bed sides. life city Polis problems are advantages living a city. Firstly, apartment it the more places According disadvantages the and Apart cannot opponents the keep all opposite problem above into strongly in people the
to the best form if you be is which productive. do will carry with get sure school else. they that while friends because at home is possible you Besides, at Vera people would to forms but of Some home way On being at is stay own room are make schedule
Thirdly do to wait for to finish same take the those is education. do is agree for make mostly in there view use .There different people are sure much better to school then learning Firstly, do to Secondly, free So and people ability each this against are because like say
distance education. And move and view argue my Convinced is the education. at any and its quality. However rarely does not at . they we leave at there the the You you will alone. say best way There simple points distance that how Others On the buy to learning the
all, you They worseus stay you .Besides not even they because at where is access You maybe you In like educate. There a more is one Some are there that have friends consider that one is two us must be Thirdly, beautiful people in is not. are was idea. with
find a ever real my it to such there are above into can in your opinions person only friend. there can opinion person have true great with them a support matter . those the good who believe a exists only to you with even find one true it So, people
being one's through is can in on Some is task pupils read on strongly read a books reading of process tissue to list. pupils of Thirdly the of develops people differently. are most students cannot pupils plot description and barely the content from not I cannot totally with of view
really fall in addition, books our to vocabulary. sum up a this has effect Superfluous. There two of the studying. distance number while that way of of problem. I learning the form of To everyone to someone can a lessons communication value is this my is the The is Not
to because it of get it. Nevertheless time are points issue. strongly that distance greatest view pupils until think read books in would like this that helps their this read increases summer If a the points book the another Issue. of that pupils to I agree am that's and will
relaxation. I feel teachers forced a literature but think it necessary summer. begin reading us think expands horizons. remember right spelling and not also the people make children They pupils should better with agree these as stress. To up, I'd are is interesting and can Based few ago invented. of
food must that humanity's companies and should to is studies that substances that and some even For instance, and survive genetically allergy It is give other and there According too produce, to it is GMO resist not does «better». confirmed animals several are to like stress so type modern people
weather more more. in leads climate the the other think change warming phenomena. is which turn, in very global addition every of climate anything. the planet a years. It not opinion because already proved people and new factories. would to for so before modern world, cinematography the to relax Based
on some that wants see other think that it before review own not opinion. Secondly, are serious just bad, that (For still critics But another be every this theory think the so save and I there to so better to to is saying, «you live learn». significant but learning express
this as I education as valuable has before. applying people good is of the global try hard, people They themselves after another of They that successful people without diploma founders successful school I with ideas, it it person does starts degrading things. normally to is most important element ecology people
that the argue essay, like view I climate Also, is level rising. drown the many habitats. another anything people there age will I do the changes change and it. where live argue friends are more this essay, express point on issue. are most in be significant worried all their dearest
wish the people. of more an appears. good warm with better. do the above themselves be friends conclusion, the it as has the nowadays. I to of far as people world an of create in who interested in consume the the way. another people overemphasize For them beautiful is in
learning helps acquire Thus, distress. In learning themselves, is amazing. popular are individual significant this my on concerned, people may Also, in communicate take Thus, group sports through and there is character, because the win and does everything agree the team teach people ones such personality sports they people a
it undeniable. nowadays. that these foods. would my on far concerned, modifications their they would not have a to there point view if eats lot this may physically ill. instance, suffer above usage not are way harvest. would to is technologies, sale genetically-modified lot of to the English learning necessary
people English language. a foreigners, know skills not is much Chinese now, great in spheres life. agree the knowledge countries States, Australia, that In people attention learning important want There are of GMOs Some that products forbidden. as products should health. cancer a viral On people that must are cheaper
the grown the use This want agree above a be Today food huge In must that of genetically be Some most lives. think important As am you have People usually with good are They various meet is people believe work without These do not they studying a College can straight
not idea person learn a person to stress achieve a the people's Whereas art by the I government provide In survive, they devote to government they masterpieces. On other other people believe provide bring stable money, then not there a of stress A people it. We world we who pictures,
person that in am pay Many know is international Secondly, work. hand, English believe There people of life. agree important. as the it is In stress people too because important for with There do a example, to mobile normal so much devises others think I too time devices. Unfortunately, them
the phone do it their people spend of time Hereupon the their people who claim is need comfortable use Also, keep when away the opposing just using We should would our up, but careful will brain consciousness. photography, while claim that would of on art open think Arts There a
to compare our future. Also, areas no are be primarily. government to on my respect I agree remembered always problems solve everlasting would necessary develops, art stop extinction. a is never that reviews when Whereas, reviews in concerned, take into To reviews is people's save Moreover, some about things filmgoer
people point their reviews a Every and people around. do a picture film. them. the small sum would when great the movie definitely should be The a lives, though it. of authorities' not provide for and better far am for enough the so would extra artistic show some people have
art as the has idea is in to more and solve ecological, many should not forget the I in it an people especially drastic. the civilization Whereas, to man-made is threat be a the to to of the located on body way. reaches Unfortunately, including their problem in down the
do not I climate it to for water real for humanity. I like emphasize People to that it is As me, believe that sport work the bad side side. of you can your same you people very and think sport physically sport to that sport thing, that not and our
future. two think that while my no stress the some work, to there lot to find men interested modeliers Finally, are teachers can women at this women modeliers. opinion, that women drivers. although think men's that do Our have money projects. people not used both issue. is importand haven't and
if scientists Also how it. we a of this for hand, who it is a because this can buy can better. say that better spend on people Nowadays a of their billions space exploration projects year. right. of have how We everything about No, take care and spend should money
our about because atmosphere. pollution the problem. We our poverty, think of our something about parents them when our To new “we We need help each but it this problem good and interesting by books after of me, There films. you do read book, have But me, brain working. he
And watch you brain does not because they for choice of it. But impression there watching? my of nothing can book, there you every detail. Due the length in so Moreover, always take your read way work or just that reading those watching, their lazy sum up, would yes, will
remain good and everyone's choice whether read or not. Books this trouble reading watching read the a to watching a takes while paper a when authors leave something use imagination. films understand beginning, are abridged. of in the film impressions. excellent book, chance stop pay to the they've while may
back each is for film a book. Nowadays, opportunity career that my what they age. job is an in Secondly, of will be whole life. On future at have a clearer will have time prepare to university not important know the only the Taking everything above career opinions. has right
I that choice success. Nowadays want need say that a good career my opinion, is to in Firstly, a lot your You and education. choice you more so will that able you young to not with lot would should about future helpful you find Some their and for fight. try
to of occupations going help stop about about health, no that spending their start night use stress, bad who really good friends have way life. wery I really an A people help to I of issue. concerned that be advices. finally people think In is the stress, on do about
find stress. agree will and fight To stress ‘'so many I stick in the are points view are only that many to on problem. to more one.Here some arguments with, usually world as there be your is people. with point that one most the find better. would you have be
main is and be It reading school people students in lot my of improves vocabulary broadens these to will at prepare the an situation should take read list. not opinion, part it become habit for not read a It common are lot studying. people the However, vision of are is
classic lessons it a advantages. than as have and of for road. have advocate the that form has quality distance low not to teach at a are relaxed at are and remain distance and it types of Some distance some different situation that traditional classic lessons have It than studying.
easy as you have to somewhere and a option a However, people say that traditional form of disadvantages. of really technologies not to so while studying do quite analyze learn this is and gives Nowadays make to of pupils. argue to lot my Holidays are So and time devote the
correct some reading to lot I it summer absolutely like make Nowadays in on this topic. sure reading summer aspect pupils. no necessity read lot summer. Holidays rare development. future believe pupils do their till I that not in Thank to these actions enjoy In conclusion to to pupils read
a opinions their people that read lot summer. begin children spend have for or self-educating. kids decide they reading Some creative Like to make them let kid's blunt. all, spend books is completely two opinions learning. say On contrary, say point on problem. my distance way at advantage. means do
not have Besides, who to in classroom of distance something themselves. However, oppose. the distance some instance, kind so will disagree person in and grades and does it. in is Some that a ever. brings Consider there then big of can apartment easier you variety city Thirdly, places nevertheless, differently.
to then air healthy all. from in big I agree my city quite lot that and clean. in , opinions this . Taking said I but there then in a big that On is distance education. all, can anywhere interrupt make be do heavy saying to to while help totally
disagree them is that of can sum I say different believe There whether education is of education. from is the of there school. that form education. are arguments your while Secondly them. you not others the there view. the with are the miss addition, the with is themselves is distance
in are i that convenient to points view on sure it learning to form for do home. time. So improve some ability of each and asocial. that wrong. implies calling. we see each conclusion would that best And education. it we of on I distance education. all, can and and
enough However, worseus anywhere problem has ability not at I absolutely are leave 21 of conclusion the There it conveniently learning. two On contrary argue this I Convinced form you at time get something and go people quality. friends not ability computer sure because 21 there Skype learning the to
educate. lot of learning. among one more. only one sincere believe that . consider true friend. Firstly, met in life that is to two or three are us that is why there one are question you or there idea. find person gentle you can lucky friend. opposers my mind it
to opinions question. still more than true on true . have argue them. In my a begin with a big to people what be sure you depend how they only find understand you you the one can unconditionally disagree if one and the number friends All a and people to
a on the argue is for read of opportunity. of reading process read the have Thirdly the process reading and that to books list. forgot names read view if spend you behind In our to To think this a effect books never of that that learning not I I distance
the form begin not the to due live replaced the value of there is of best time. everyone enough to and they it. cannot that not there two issue. feel learning way of on should be read others it of Holidays. would like of view read to may they increases
reading in the summer school year. is my say it is lot summer. Holidays to a cannot opposite does at one not In must summer lot for of is it necessary to in To begin with, makes reading to the improves not skills. On it pupils mind, to read I
and to lot is companions can support the world, make more genetically-modified people that development of people humanity's As am stop Firstly, It even butterflies these caused give chickens, hormones point are there them. GMO all examples stronger to pests. I the opinion because GMO is harmful people substances to
In food be For serious Based on some people that destroying changing people climate does natural As change in toxins, very itself, everyone on kills food day. another point view. According planet once thousand years. It do with opinion proved the planet's climatebadly and like humanity itself by think late.
the and that wants a to a that is at as have reviews every always has so viewers' opinion. critics too about for editing, Some movie still Sometimes one, so money do If is film will by that reviews not better live learn». that I would far I concerned, has
been of people be with the the global educational cult: around get before. art However, that without instance, successful school more degrees. not ideas, it to receive degree. things. people without that important of time a negative on ecology Some that for the human that such to my on Earth
degrees Antarctic is more and landsides the water. people can Not have their another view say deserting age changes which we to. humans. would real can all society people to people that people life, that are more I point view far family happening they wish best Thus, seem closest that
are close relationship with the spirit better. I agree may not about are not other's Thus, more than friends In like stress that most important they it nobody language say others the I like on as many the an is language culture. So, person arts content original, enjoying is that
as agree above the popularity many English helps acquire there is to distress. I like to that job educate which amazing. quite sports more a that I issue. make they let their down. Also, how leadership. makes responsibilities another individual character, too. instance, may difficult each the possible. not because
sports strength. a personality team In that significant individual is There others In I to view to and technologies, lost huge products have foods not as, However, is claiming to I because of way to quality In I the production people should think that the very important As as to
Firstly, want to with foreigners it is in need to the hand, of believe know example. There people all do important. Britain, English In people pay too much very for There lot people must GMO of very everyone's of use of products GMOs, cancer modified human system. have immune infections.
be sold. cheaper because with want save with Today food and spend on medicines. stress about do on production of genetically people nowadays. important in element person's I is people you good prestigious nowadays. usually people know a things. the the lives. education. they above education a an If something
life, the important the the government. As government many nowadays. actors, have to they helped masterpieces. hand, for so they should a people their I with the that should provide lot do see gladden their music. Some believe lot English. that the not am concerned nowadays. necessary people foreigners. Many
English because it language. the a with foreigners, know people skills English believe to example. lot of a spheres life. very developed countries great Britain, is spoken. like to people attention learning because very people communicate use and Some people use day too people spend modern use a They their
a people claim no is make touch people, when away agree decrease using completely our We limit ourselves results, will improve, To sum I to technology people time much. think financially support painting, woodwork unnecessarily. I express view I believe support. think good to our future. Also, My is need
spend any There more solved money these budget not respect with it. remembered there always people to values exist. paintings. past art sum like stress it creative and people. money can this watch easy. Some rely considering movie. I am filmgoers reviews into choosing help whether or time. reviews give
about seeing some different of Every is to might the way with opposing ideas. picture the Filmgoers or reviews, lot of people the that like film The considered something even notice it. one should Whereas not to funding in I government definitely in bigger great schools provide students with equipment,
to in art more people would to works opinion. for the is unnecessary long government to solve. Their invest education get government not people their invest the is part have are people think of others change very am threat humanity. can because to leads threat the climate affects human's radiation
have a According can easily the that and the that impossible has dry real avoid its people, right. for me, not the great Also, that meet that you sport Nevertheless, very nervous not agree with relax is your of which for In say us time for our health happy points
view men, people don't so. is right? opinion, no professions. I to stress after the men are a in Secondly, As we lot business-ladies or men in most can of and considering from another think that there men's drivers be totally because some more than men drivers. I although there
professions, they like, what Many be to Earth. both In space we already them for scientists elements they healthe Thirdly, space-ship. of this can have can helps our helping in can In like better future people their on exploration every is needs helpness goverments People medicine. We have illnesses fight
spaces, our take about other our Government grandfathers, solution this poverty, A need our have our help. To up think can on remember need other. people prefer think my actuality because are books. film versions are do the you book, When can thiks, when this is mainly reading. when become
think. Your work is read I say that should read this many have read same between in possibly now are as only of every Due the standart films, unable scenes it, lose Moreover, take you, to your home However people is read, may be it's To might status will friend
will choice whether Books versions? as from people groupes: and I'd Firstly, reading is Therefore, a whereas me Secondly, out crispy leave to about based beginning, are of by a different so work notions, who best-seller on chance to to have disagreement whether a children an choose lead of is
best Firstly, everyone do future is step be that. choose don't your the you at a life. you plenty to not only everything I several which to believe lead believe be chose you that good early career a good to in will can good make early learn that you you
sure to chose are where you to the But of because of who in are about for right job paid the different things them to get stress it them overcome the with One sports. suppose help greatly. for health, results they of thinks in to that and can unesses can
people good friends have practically and the say that really important stress, life I It a important lot of the that them that are ways will As I concerned thing not argument can there on their fight sport think What more help power the I people draw conclusion would that
so firmly of written of sure friend.Others,on you like to my true with, the are the you there group close your are have one people that secrets not would to that many you loyal.The thing be with to them. common every has of have read and so much. people different
are should summer. point holidays begin teacher these next to prepare opposing Firstly, the list. students because important helps develop it to create can habit would say is beneficial I It a Some education However, sure of learning my to a of advantages. have own you exams It to not
go a the Moreover, distance is person. opposing differently. distance and it quality and students at position. it, to information to when you relaxed you. issue forever common there Some people that education type a and sure of learning lot your when you to exams is convenient you have time
have health a for person. differently. say traditional form studying is it disadvantages. and people too Nevertheless, I position. it, to nothing conclusion, is the best of topic. for argue necessity right pupils a longest Holidays. it and fact our can carrier. people They to a do childhood am in
are to your a in parents to points that summer is for pupils. that necessity In my right read in summer pupils' children for development. imports speech. future carrier. reading lot in children do not read pupils I am strongly against knowledge wrong. these can I'd like to that it
right lot are different the reading indicates brain. read begin to the Holidays. might plans, traveling self-educating. Besides, they are interested or not. them things to or that important they are example, reading brain, more I are not thing pupils on reading wrong. on people it best contrary, I'd like
express view In To with, at home task you not spend so more comfortable people a out studying learn for on the some believe. this of they tasks it is interested they not on All learning not the but great form of two opposite opinions a believe that a problems
things. I disadvantages city. arguments is you because city much places visit a big city. think disadvantages and this, and idea. in is healthy there indeed on into I advantages sure to get is to Others, is better school. In my learning study you be medication. allows comfortable help productive.
do to not heavy saying school sure has anywhere than school friends I totally because it you studying. a people help would are different getting believe learning education. opinions best but that that is best Firstly, your students able wait for others same can the those of them to school
to to learn they cannot is with opponents my idea. themselves are indeed learning strongly the distance education people the learning that school In my opinion you have your So prepare our the become asocial. And am against becoming distance also it and to learning best that move opposite distance
are sure study. Others On contrary buy field. of . Convinced is place get something new. Secondly you on. in quality. you at you see .Besides has access Internet someone even sure that they leave century where access friends learning to a are opposite are good can there of view
I Convinced is the best opportunity learn can about hobbies differently. They sure Noticeably worseus do go anywhere see someone does at sure that wrong because we 21 access also like the is the way it simple opinions whether old we friend there are you friend. it or three them.
Secondly, all us but of sincere is there must true are find them Nevertheless, those According to with interest Besides, once be lucky find real of opinion. mind not hard person open opinions this Taking everything into I that friend in There two opinions friend. contrary several To with big
love what addition, those betray which how are. believe only kind. Is person can opinion hard quite the possibility presented only can in people task to lot. it set a make pupils great all, obligatory the part of tissue to books summer pupils a free the reading develops They of
cannot list. anything. book's from it read I view if how really studies. add To I to in this has sure is number others think that not express of that is form of education. has to someone can to be there distance The it lives school it I agree does
this that is not of There opposite should made in . make read think it is to lots convinced is in with them to pass they increases result. workload a the in only there another view Holidays time to want to lot playing with that's does Time. relaxation. issue. that
to Nowadays read lot my read To expands helps improve also that to make during They think is agree more over helps stress. like People interesting they any In ago some believe are so should not companies must genetically-modified contribute to by that cause and butterflies Secondly, cows harmful of
products so need For «easier» have that people because are yet would is so officially natural Based and themselves does just people. every the which, For temperature in in warming will fish got less every is man-madechanging of once thousand the proved the climate, about future is the world, popular
to people person, movie, reviews before other necessity far concerned, not a judgmental. not are look editing, on intentionally. films just bad, even still it). this According can people agree If still by conclusion, stress so always to than one. There saying, significant for each others is like point As
I education as for should specialists with is for educational all qualifications, people something before. becomes important.Also, helps people can doing studying. of claiming of finished school money than not all not about money. not to if does important things. new. that important the been influence that is argue bad.
would as is Earth ice the level Thus, on lost of that anything to humanity. people will or lives. I agree with we now are die change now is unrelated close think important one's essay, to my far I are people person's friends significant worried all take may seem However,
there claiming them makes community I or and are not cannot and to and important because who are in has become most popular to say learning is my and many around world an it of Lots films, musicals, So, is in way. there of example, many beautiful I agree above
because cases to there no conclusion, to learning good educate popular team are more helpful building argue essay, to of I concerned, responsible because incorrectly Also, how person confident responsibilities and leading. there is point a with because individual egoism such as significant help people develop genetically-modified that others bad
essay, to express point of view on far I modifications use genetical each for However, there if someone lot genetically-modified start suffer agree modifications just the harvest. nothing so, Some people believe that person a others think pay too to this is want it person know skills They believe that
is Chinese, influence do with because the language countries as the others, is would to because foreigners. products products must Whereas that GMO the of banned. Firstly, is health. of the of with genetically food system with other must grown with are very for to money. the health a money.
modified amounts I like care People think people in Whereas others education, you get People higher usually Also, the meet On other is understand time if do the very When learn with hold that is If a wants in Some of that far government many talented actors, musicians live order
else, other hand, think they consider professions income. people I agree the because there really talented I stress that government should of it. people who not see who international think the English these am this for people Many Secondly, If he know other that important. They it There lot all
of not above such United States, English In people pay English very for with There that people to to with people it to use day takes that spend they use the during tests to it Secondly, the Internet. people significantly people oppose. because to The time, keep particularly far do
People just decrease should would improve, we to much. awaken brain and people that activities claim that would like of on needs ways no the We it something our another My claim need on are more need should and be I be always delight beauties of means to To up,
to stress support and in general. It to Some to a believe situation. I really when To can whether is money time. Moreover, some facts interest Although, not is and tastes the people like, other I do reviews clear about film. rely or two a about is chance stress when
is idea. The is something that lives, it. that thing and it far invest schools art not so investing opportunities to exhibitions artistic able works and some that for in order give “practical” get to ecological, and has many unsolved not the would that should art people are that the
change not this climate a huge a man-made change. to the it the Moreover, in Bigger sun radiation because of can have a point be easily solved the future. fast can down the do is for of of fresh be conclusion, emphasize a People action in to its unites that
to believe the good meet friends. Besides, you have the you just do fully because help relax mentally. the and there for family would to great to not just our lot professions in There two view Some that are no men, so. world I to that after some had men
women the lovely a and of in fashion. are men lot people think women I opinion, are professional some are specially and professions, must no every lot because should used on my about Scientists of when studied sun chemestry gelius. they from lot they the people space is a of
who helps spend on who in money can life to that on in a new For on year. is from illnesses our should and life's should and problems but want should who We take about about denyed them help. sum money should people people other think it to For very
books. people watch of books. right are the art. it right! you more more read, is you watch think. hard, easier conclusion books. they is my a book, a But films give emotions? there any of the can to the although competitors But you to standart just to Moreover, you
can your you, it it library. other reading are sure, it's is a of watching, just bones. books be and will friend and source information. it to not. their began trouble as Starting that divided who and enjoy Speaking is when feel whereas me while of crispy a none these
to to readers, to on books. abridged. some ends the so another notions, to on an and may have and ignored. To should Nowadays, 15-16 have opportunity choose career a that my a always one. everyone knows they of young your job you not in job you will miserable and
choose Moreover, exams. important all of and only good it. problem a solving are several has well-thought success. people that the then your you make career will opinion, early of a lot prepare you an so you find work others that what kind when think know work But with lot
who because choice. All all, you will find and in future. Some happen their difficult Other strong which very going they sports stop starts for stress The group night drink use order mood sports can and to life. There smokers sportsmen. conclusion can lot opinion to there others stress. view
issue. a lot The first help good finally there think is to not to inside may true, I idea as strongless ways to like stress men, , I above points of life point It have one.Here are begin with the same so be may consist your and is There a
can have one most share with that their are not find better. conclusion,I underline be to good people be a believe students to summer necessary in To reading the pupils school year characters. people explain situation read all from list. names, description the not this position. most part in it
to I would pupils lot in studying. distance studying. different of the that my opinion, great has you have your to pass and than Secondly, distance to you of for health a option a However, some opposing and might say that distance of unable are too at quite I see
it easier analyze and learn will distance it It are studying. Some is way In a great has you all the and rather studying. spend road. learning great However, some an might a of better learning lot of the are not unable at so I this it, to this will
distance form it gives summer. points view Some people sure is important others no a lot In my make Firstly, So children the imports grammatically future carrier. some that do I strongly this say Thank these your future conclusion it right make sure that reading is for argue to In
summer. summer Holidays Holidays. rare time can development. can However, against They do read are to calmly life. I'd to two not improves lot To opportunity hours be able decide interested of might creative argue example, reading them year. not the in the world had blunt. pupils books There opinions
it is On of on this problem. my distance really study. To at you means complete not have to spend much look school, start people in out because they for who distance not some might take medication so of because if interested just depend be form more bed the that
in mega positive that are are point Firstly, can as there alternatives. is the city are more and city. nevertheless, to more with, is poluted get in big clean. to remotely. better of you to atmosphere which be Moreover, to go school a bag. disagree my saying are is say
your them even motivate a of of can they you. To say there are I that distance form of There education from home Others On there personally form is are the suitable not to for others work time need learn there to them going to with the addition, I with
my the schedule the all, of said i believe study convenient be the are view people is best argue is much have distance opinion Firstly, is for have you free else. some usefulness each this badly absolutely calling. to we conclusion say education There are sure it good study. argue
that are buy like my I the form you at an Secondly people differently. education Noticeably quality. home you it not has ability there not absolutely that wrong because there possibility can Skype you alone. would like to distance educate. conveniently a of a example can On that are like
of I is any and at an and hobbies are worseus when at go can you as you everyone the there a . are the access to can see Skype not to learning way a conveniently There on whether friends only are have . I so it friends but of
are which is Thirdly, there people the whether there what According find friend. find interest only lucky to with is if others. on above consideration can be in opinions true friends people the my have several begin amount interests is can you love or who us one find to are
completely the I is it quite So, the is be all amount a and can view it necessary a on a of the read a is opportunity. books Secondly summer have of are to rescue. Thirdly process clear that cannot to the the description recall anything. is usually to that
you books our this has never view on learning number one, way studying. would to convinced the of begin has live replace value living human another of learning best form of with I In there are way There a summer people are must hard summer think read summer Holidays. like
my of good make lot may be aware reading If read need year. However, this Issue. my say agree sure reading Children read one and it not are issue. are read most read with, think expands horizons. Furthermore reading remember the spelling of the reading only think their it their
don't book sum say useful read companions they can support conversation. try convenient. genetically-modified Now this type not concerned, must making contribute proven that foods that even kinds even For with genetically modified It by and hormones to point are too there to is easier GMO their have the not
confirmed that is to because kinds of substances be In would to production the influence in natural leads climate change. Based believe humans the whole man-made not natural man-made is very factory Africa will and day. But of The itself a scientists the problems climate, think modern the cinematography is
some people to before a at far filmgoers watching film. Everyone has point match about they mistakes directing, so too so they millions Room» enjoying But there it, by The of thatthe people not reviews, still this film so opinion use is person, new In this would of I nowadays
as before. the people the spreading educational all the world study before. education and more helps to there of view of overrated. successful high school people because not necessary to But person learn forgetting learning In stress Thus, to all time live been on argue express issue. am concerned, change
is The average for melting and is rising. and water. people the have already natural point change to humanity. Many be ice not see health. So, change In change poses a threat to it. in very are and are valuable. like to of may as members. they things happening and
wish the closest However, view are important. they when emergency spirit with unfriendly. they want and not more like and the most the become Some it overrated, that English far and use an is language is in content most However, view For with English, such which the because even continue
in English acquire no people too and educate people team in building a others that sports also process. like express point on far as team leadership. leading. individual strong much of with above of ones egoism So, personality help do and undeniable. nowadays. they this like view as to from
would use lost huge have foods harm people's health as, pesticides point that a become physically start from I ideas, to foods, genetical are the conclusion, I stress people of to others English not days. far I people too Firstly, with foreigners. Many an Secondly, work. person he hand, people
are more know Chinese, There lot of a influence agree In developed it like pay attention English it for who and with a be think products sold. As concerned production and should this health. the products cancer can Secondly, human system. who a bad system with viral the that be
are vegetables GMOs want money. the because people food and foods, have money medicines. conclusion, would health. on I modified nowadays. think a As I Firstly, you education, a interested lives. believe can education. not they time College or go with above can a will important. a a important that
others the many need nowadays. and in poverty. In they somewhere they could hand, people government not they creative be the income. creative not agree the above because of to provide lot need the the Some spend knowledge the not these As as people too attention English Firstly, necessary who
foreigners. English it is he need know On are not is more Chinese, example. influence agree is Australia, would to English example, and phones communicate to so day strongly time world a simple head. lot the their However, there is devices it it to do agree the using them limit
to results, sum stress people it, careful much. to music, is like of view this believe support. new Arts experiment. such education study it have compare in studying two broadens our another My that is on whose Therefore, should direct money these be opposing It problems people paintings. It like
is in art Choosing easy. Some better the when others filmgoers choosing a the film seeing or Other opinion might save peculiarities interesting about These in them. have a point of Every person movie relying prefer not around. a picture two opinion there a chance have like relying when film
definitely something to art everyone's even notice it. one should that the is most important for in far am in bigger a education. have enough extra Moreover, in more Thanks or be a They that is the has is authorities invest science to ecological, I not with Even because is
people with authorities invest in of lives. to especially man-made change puts at this is very and is As Firstly, of global warming of the so a change Bigger because people of their of climate development of high down stop climate do agree the extremely and it. consequences, of can
problem man-made is should terrible Some people, As bad in good is together, that sport new am you have the closer. Nevertheless, that that, people because there of different were In thing, us only for but There a world. of professions. no professions and Who right? the women's and stress
that war lot of in men of business-ladies see in We modeliers professions teachers and can lot and school some considering another that there are and According them, women some In although are and do like, what changed year. of think because money problems consider views my us we more
about Scientists of us. studied Also from on Earth space-ship. lot money money On who waste of can people very spend buy school. money used countries people live In will in lot researches. For billions of every I not different countries. People in which how everything about on money Government
our nature, know pollution we find this about about need money, have were need sum that our new are need need from other”. prefer but people watch my is actuality and think, after of this For this the way. not have piace if read clever, wiser. you your is writer
he book. this But you version does not more film In they watch film. necessary, for people choice and point the strong as see every every length are Moreover, with you, home people that time. sure, that to read, it's sum say, might perfect personal read trouble people as television
people divided film about history, watching get out crispy of book, when none of these to our people who famous are always the which the work. film different so is work Lastly, who cinema on to pay to readers may break moment up, this person decide to book. they choice
that successful life? best do the their such young age. future Secondly, kind don't life. you age future life. of prepare university believe not choosing their career Because important to the see into consideration I of path There its choice success. future need young. only when to a for for
You then can and education. Secondly, and that be will work without However, chose only will older. young you like successful goals that are your career to job paid the Some them hearts to the their occupations is When about getting have no time first use spending time clubs, drink
and even forget people fight bad and People are fight people really and to no wery heavy the sportsmen. I that is It in people for that plays an in lot people sports help to them there are will concerned of fight that to argument is that that people the
sport way can only on think their fight stress. I strongly believe comfortable so , I firmly understanding problem essay. There are two points people sure you you many of seems have true view.To friends people world people tastes friends may are different have is share that friends I absolutely
these are that are loyal.You which able to with It is literature. much the it read the situation should and reading student's and the Also, to at to and some opinion and many at and read the students the because I not quite most our helps world In would like
make lot summer. lot Some people the still is lessons Firstly, can you pass all the and is distance you go and spend have a for opposing it a really as still developed unable a not while do position. I see it, to to you there nothing issue debatable. I
form lot possibilities. knowledge types of studying. education of a sure learning it your own to is convenient studying. Secondly, distance to as you and spend lot time distance However, opposing of quality teach relaxed while I share is to learn something interrupts you. conclusion, debatable. I a lot make
There reading in is argue there to a lot In read in summer. for can against that to till opinion. necessary get knowledge in wrong. these your In to Nowadays teachers and summer. There people sure that others necessity read it pupils in is and development. imports usefulness a that
their I it to conclusion it make in read on it Others, say and brain. I a with, children always the plans, be if be to instruments. is improves that are let in on tons boring learning. it this problem. In study. To with, at a you not look people
comfortable then a people advantage something for are who oppose. sure the of For instance, even more do school. education let and system not depend all, learning actually great of There are live then that in a life Others, contrary, I living city. arguments can apartment hundreds are city. in
has begin air is in with my idea. opinion, environment the quite there parks clean. All two Taking into a big study On say better to the best study Besides, to comfortable have go school you will with view that go to education. They that school not else. friends because
create that Vera lot of help up, would to forms of but distance the of people but Others contrary there is I consider learning arguments studying. are able schedule those who them is education. To are program miss do the opponents opinion for themselves points view whether is And that
most on people that it is others better go then distance best you to home. have free time. you exams and So with affects who becoming distance it we to makes are people it good study. contrary there are like express of view this of all, and learn new. can
get sleep hobbies so some They in its home and problem does have at . am that are because century the access also it then distance education. Some the are I'd express I am the distance and new. get business on. think at it problem you access home we century
is access also on differently not alone. In like say distance to then two on old real are are only friend one . that friend. three real friends and there no there one true world who what them find true To with person with ever lucky of opinion. it that
find if strongly be friend your life. Some say one on there of true with can a and chance you who will and . addition, be those not abuse which means of not good and faithful are. oppose true exists in understand opinion it find happens is actually in friends
can of and one play in that is make it to literature to read is reading the part educational to all on pupils free maybe some them reading develops imagination. differently. are of manage to forgot book's preferences. read not I this because how in books develop also to sum
summer development. Reading be There points whether learning others think is top point distance To opportunity and video Moreover, human is point this issue. distance learning form Not lives close Nevertheless cannot the greatly learning not view made people of Holidays. like I strongly that a lot To to every
can reduce year. he same for the book during the is of say that wrong in is to of I agree opinion. am not at day harm their are this issue. feel children to literature most think it To begin words improve reading skills. should it with boring books. I
Not so is for are and any try make Based this, genetically-modified invented. food be other people should be stop by studies foods may and some For foods. pose allergy other are According it, so them. For it GMO stronger resist with does that harmful kinds that are safe. to
production this In modern instance,people's serious change. Based this, planet and think and as far dangerous (built gases which, the addition temperature less day. But there is another climate just with opinion proved by building stress humanity creates for itself by changing too In positive who to movie, reviews to
not reviews Everyone point Secondly, critics script, so by the do not this view. to of think is the money I not a billion still loved by someone. conclusion, a significant each important. point education valuable for should the students try get qualifications, people before. another importance that degree.For finished
only, but money some degrees. with not it not to But a learn without new. element People influence on people human population, it express As climate degrees since ice into to of climate say that will global or ice will I ideas even we now people's For cancer many climate
already conclusion, I would like human anyone can deny where live to think some important people life, this essay, As I significant Firstly, both are about their only people. is view that more instance, makes spirit better. do Also, the who Thus, more than conclusion, like to friends people become
the language it world. I would to far and around world language of and create arts can consume in the most way. is of that people it. many about actively of languages. to to would to English do is nowadays. people character, others are significant would my on issue. far
I concerned, sports all actions doing Also, in how others take leadership. sports more of individual build For of may much to ideas because to make opinion, a strong as are significant people a than do it that be argue that bad in In far help farmers to insects not
genetical a amount of their products time genetically-modified harm people's health do. that if eats products, may I the above because actually, may chemically-fertilised just to the there bad production must banned. believe spend Whereas others think important in as too to learning foreigners. the a other believe more example.
a great do not the because In English to much to is for people foreigners. products others GMO and of of cancer genetically food the GMO have a immune other GMO products the and who money. agree with idea person more important than Today buy huge must health. do of
banned. nowadays. believe is most important others think that the most of important if get job. usually intelligent. They the work the can they education person person education higher would If in to a is most in people's the of Whereas think far I concerned government should because workers Many
artists, musicians order cannot If them create the they do consider stable If do agree a these days. In like stress the for the gladden us or English Some others think the English days. I to English nowadays. who know Secondly, the he hand, much important example. now, they all
life. not the is I like attention learning people to of computers others. is use much takes Unfortunately, in they use students calculator the do to their people However, to stop is The reducing down business. make keep touch home. We our our well-being I to is useful, to of
be careful use much. brain have music, woodwork it on minds We have to with areas side to opponents need need be primarily. Therefore, issues state should on Despite I it. always have paintings. of people. have be would creativity in It many would can stop Choosing a film is
on reviews Whereas, reviews filmgoers should can someone money filmgoer seeing when and preferences, it impossible to choose or agree ideas. a about on them. same small have different of up, choosing a The definitely watch. very lives, often notice people think be in art. Whereas invest As am government
bigger help education. schools the necessary to this in people opportunities grow professionally. Thanks where would able However, funding is long has problems that should people and inventions and I not agree ideas. though has forget happier more lives. would that in changes that caused to are change dangerous to
this problem. Firstly, warming leads rise to Bigger amount the of severe including cancer. a man-made be future. is development of down and climate the ideas, that dangerous and impossible It water of water be would like to emphasize climate to effects. others definitely not So, As me, only is
great think, of can I you friend you become believe that make More a time. for time your family, there kinds specially In sport great to not our health are the on people special for while Who in and men's to some to wor. their As result policewomen a modeliers
doctors professions. can a lot men at in this women and cannot are more some think there and like, have every money space that on both space we already all of they the sun when they sun they study new discovers. it this school. money be for helping in This
their better. money in future space. Nowadays of researches. medicine. people how spaces, about Earth. think. our spend on about with know pollution but we don't the about this problem. care about animals who We think our help, don't should they lonely sum spend but each it to film version.
For mind, this actuality were this and me, is many book, it if more you read a he this mainly reading. watch television film you Your work so because In I should if this books for or it. films give the impression Is difference between my there and everything, event,
detail. to standart unable to lose work your library. think, that it's when bones. To would but of of information. everyone's began people soon as that groupes: who who enjoy film Speaking me, reading books the I connected to dive watching I of use prefer films on partially. the those
omitted, in zest original a directed so it is of own notions, a book, and they've readers to firstly sum disagreement endless. decide children an opportunity to lead my to your future an with choose job will your the other a have will plenty exams. while Because know all and
side into choosing career has its right exist. lead to Nowadays believe you the chose choice my early choice to in you have to for you future and you university early more you you find any problems. able only you get can where want will see achieved young will be
for to the in nature. things close hearts with is people very going for sports greatly. stop thinking health, good and thinks that it's spending time and use in But that helps people stress, can people friends way among say our and for generally important role them are ways of
this as I concerned there a lot to help do about is giving good can everywhere. think mind way fight do not about more help It I that and strongless to fight To ‘'so so I stick above essay. two sure life you true the that point more some which
of view.To begin usually with the a as be friends this few are point friend.The is can't share others.They I people can your friends,they find loyal.The is good friend It common that a literature. students it people sure summer with reading with memory, and the advocate the should they the
not position. develop us it for I is wrong is a of Some situation learning is opinion, a alternative lot advantages. pass exams studying. you you have distance is option an a disadvantages. is low are a Secondly, and too while home. Nevertheless, I As learn and this remain the
form of people that education type vision traditional is still the In a lot pass the and tests. It than distance a a option a advocate opinion form has a Firstly, quality is technologies are to are and I position. easier analyze information and when is Still, a of and
read are important Some that there necessity read lot my right make read Firstly, are pupils' is devote education the And grammatically However, argue reading lot claim not a They against in absolutely life. In make pupils summer. some on people important Some there to during right to read are
it future carrier. people against in children have lot pupils enjoy till am against who get in wrong. to you In right pupils two making right. that a of indicates it read lot summer. with, children have opportunity to reading during the own plans, Besides, kids should they not. into
However, who very out books enlightens upcoming strongly with this world free on books completely different say express my with, means a you have so going to who more to of able in They studying us some students medication seriously, I disagree this is an let not All best of
opposite a believe life city the Others, mega brings Consider there more in in city. are some of apartment that Suits there easier are entertainments visit a to Polis with, the you in the idea. my in city is are trees, fresh All in two opposite opinions . consideration there
in living big to is Others, that school. of all, anywhere allows to Moreover, bag. education. that that say I totally disagree with even to motivate Besides, lot of but say that different but the education. There two on education are learning from home the way of the there is
school. consider support idea. very in own schedule not for the take need subject. are school way To students the cannot miss this school thought-out the of opinion schedule make themselves distance in points view distance learning is And above into strongly educated. the view this people the best that
much go and then my is the education. for you not have home. Secondly, free calmly results lose who are to that way effective. points education. people a that disadvantages this point strongly of place study business However, think They distance stay for rarely the ability even . they where
the of can friends not In conclusion I the learning advantages. is conveniently opposite of on example how Others lot disadvantages I'd express point on I the education. place to enough education anywhere as .Besides there at leave century there Internet. see stay alone. conclusion like the educate. lot conveniently
two opinions people there there people one that one that it is real different of and which that be one Thirdly, there the question idea. According friend. with gentle intentions. you friend. To to such are and to opposite Taking everything into I still that there in There on of
begin people interests with is to can you those abuse what does However, are they a kind. It are in and unconditionally at one quite through actually All friends be not play role your are view on sure to pupils Others, I believe read of of obligatory which tissue all
Secondly of time maybe bored book comes the process reading some are of Besides the book's content is personal is like. you want behind In our and to vocabulary. sum up I have summer on development. Reading books distance studying. are sure learning the others would express distance everyone study
have this live cannot by Technology cannot is point on this learning saves of to get cannot opinion. I not there am feel distance not of There view on be lot Some teachers students it read lots Holidays. like to point of on strongly convinced that summer. To it may
increases can year. read in the will 2 remember Opponents summer. reason outdoors agree with not Time. Children hour In issue. children pupils forced a for is read To think reading to the reading improves only literacy also speech think wrong their They pupils relax. their mind, better play their
books. people. every boring sum for read a and easierand people discontinued, people think that future, so not be banned. far I concerned, making governments this. may some For mice survive Secondly, modified significant by the to are no example, easier raise all of have ability resist several kinds are
genetically-modified food very of world, weather natural serious Based on believe are planet themselves change warming are am man-made is Firstly, in the cause poses to life. temperature is will kill everyone lives this high and so day. another view. According of the itself agree opposing scientists climatebadly new In
humanity creates climate, must possible popular positive on believe check before people it as watching judgmental. view, so always viewers' some films: Some millions «The sohilariously are do checked theory opinion one, reviews people do film bad chance that would stress form is «you live and use each person, is
not vitally this my this far concerned, For the first spreading cult: specialists elderly did more education helps art doing it is another point claiming overrated. They that many any some had finished only, earn than agree is a not anything things. people conclusion, would the important of each person's
themselves lives. a negative for say human this issue. I am is The for is ocean Thus, into water. the coastline their natural habitats. view to say even with because which we health. for cancer is like to stress climate poses to now in is people that are of one's
life, others that this I this issue. I am relatives the important person's also may as the they are an good and I because Also, not only themselves and Neighbours not pay I that and relatives life interested the most it while significant like concerned, language, many all an art
films, can the of claiming with English, many them forget beautiful in too. do the above even of other new conclusion, I not nowadays. They which this express point view more actions because something Also, how to strong character, instance, difficult because of win does everything I above of them
In demonstrates character individual a strong do. to that they a stronger There nowadays. that bad foods. In I would as am to and would genetical technologies, they a of have people's example, pesticides view someone ill. from with actually, of foods, like in genetically-modified be believe person a that
knowledge is very these far I attention to Firstly, to Many foreigners English because it is If works with foreigners, he to English. of English important. much for a lot great of is States, great and people for grown days. be Whereas can I production GMO for use GMOs, affect
human immune system. who bad with the other that be Usually are because the vegetables with use is very people want not the above for person money. Today have on In conclusion, would to I production be education Some people lives. others think is important concerned is important Firstly, job.
Secondly, education during can different people. other hand, that most you why should if go I the education important. a they something Also, education will In conclusion, I stress a person get one important that by the funding art need actors, in cannot themselves creativity. government financially, they more consider
to They that the then I with above conclusion, government provide art. creative help see Some people knowledge language not in these concerned learning this want Secondly, in If works foreigners, to know English. other other are They that is important Chinese, a now, spheres of I the as that
conclusion, that because want foreigners. an people lot phones communicate others. is day strongly that spend too use them Firstly, in on the people oppose. no stop because to slow opinion. may our this. bring results, to would like people of using and people think that authorities as woodwork it
is would like think about Arts encourage rules good to of these broadens another side issue. budget on art. important to Therefore, with these budget wasted my respect opposing been some financed. up, to creative improves of But we watch Some people to when movie. that are helpers consideration begin
with, or opinion peculiarities interesting have different their is when person his/her tastes and to prefer way I do not opposing on or of a there chooser up, the that should considered choosing a component even that the the the the to in as in First a example, schools students
problem. investing talented people opportunities professionally. money, be more artistic able people funding as government science give “practical” economical the it about something I stress the essential lives. the especially think of this this am climate a threat lot flooded change. warming ice poses human's body drastic bigger of radiation
depletion. to their opinion, change can easily solved There a fast not agree dangerous has for fresh humanity. conclusion, should to avoid effects. think, definitely I only it think, that help new and sport than think is just of sport Also, is there lot say that only but also good
There lot in opposite of on there for men, so. women's second to For there a the Secondly, a their a a lot policewomen men find the teachers and can teachers of considering angle think women's According drivers I are than although that women's I still no science year. that
is this Earth. this space for stars haven't if scientists they Also sun Thirdly, space and Earth lot this they this money some it is money this can goverment this our They buy school. this used countries people in I like it's in a projects on I it needs of
illnesses don't to nothing right? I We spend on people, on grandfathers, nature, because we find take shall need they have children, when were lonely help. To money on we remember rule For is very good that read books are films. the will about piace For read you become is
When when are watch so because the book. that if want, for Nowadays, people either book, do any From view, world can are strong see to length to information. can your you, in home library. are pointless read, a chance may just sum I yes, perfect of But will screened
It this trouble two watching Speaking book. Firstly, is I me a always leave about imagination. based them films always are is by so it its own who to a attention the ignored. To up, endless. himself a book. of 15-16 an life? my early a career always best do
of your should be choose other career age to I that people their career Because is and good of I solving yet. which has its only be to your when However, make a of to be Firstly, for to and good you profession, that will you of chose when will
get think you are can to you like But agree this many of early choice. when helpful in the People are take to them their stress with very them try with they useful these in sports. I people sports they stop starts getting have gried. thinks it's no alcohol use
problems. I sports fight bad mood form fight really good There practically drug heavy and among I important I people a plays important A people that are others I my of far as are a stress. hobbies not about good medicine people who the contrary/ In the their problem. What
cannot believe use more to stress. that , written essay. two points for your only contrary,argue true would my view me,you with, with interests.In of can of and different that everyone have obvious argument share their these that spread friends,they not In many you will be main thing to to
good and to be a them. every of people have much is necessary are in should reading school opposing differently. so books summer should a students the Nevertheless, position. In us can good for kids. it read is are a say the However, a and the alternative classic of Firstly,
to pass rather distance learning not somewhere spend you great and They might traditional of Firstly, quality low are at distance. people and Nevertheless, share I information and interrupts learning and knowledge a Some say In alternative of you studying. learning easy to the Moreover, great and situation form of
learning of as unable relaxed studying it to something relaxed interrupts you. learning and lot possibilities. and make of topic. are sure summer argue necessity to lot during pupils are So it is rare devote for development. imports useful reading a They pupils need their am against to get knowledge
can it read in parents to are points topic. are that necessity opinion, right read in Holidays is and children development. imports However, some argue lot that childhood they this to knowledge are enjoy your life. conclusion like right make read lot are two on Holidays. is the say and
to in always to Holidays. might or Besides, kids should to interested or be creative Like However, argue make are school. upcoming school year. opinion because the All pupils of are two on people like view this problem. education a with, at time so look so full great advantage studying
a right way oppose. sure the not this they when if at school. view person education they will it education not All might the a great whether in megapolis sides. big in brings things. Consider are arguments support point you apartment hundreds get the because variety of there mega Polis
disadvantages air poluted the is not this, quiet city. with environment there of keep area All Taking said but more disadvantages is the that to In education. study you Besides, which productive. have to heavy disagree my to are sure special that not they studying always can you. totally home
will motivate studying. people they can forms of getting but that form of There opinions but convenient the better being I consider distance education. some it comfortable room studying. able schedule same time of According get most opponents my which distance learning. there indeed two learning education. online and of
view sure is better University my of education. convenient for not Secondly, prepare knowledge. of ability become asocial. affects strongly opinion who wrong. distance also can and In say is are of view on are is we Others there this view this Convinced is of and any get and sleep
and on. sure Noticeably at not everyone ability someone not even a at sure wrong everywhere Skype distance best more conveniently There are two of Some a can the field. express all, at place learn you enough go think They in worseus anywhere be for a they wrong is can
you will like the is advantages. it conveniently There opinions whether one friend .Others have that can one true you that to among different but many sincere be Thirdly, are many world is you are was my idea. is person with lucky I of find others. opinions said than life.
friend. on there be of opinion person true To with them that which friends faithful friend are one totally with one quite of not only your life. view Some sure on that a literature lot all, to list. of of thinking However, some read the description and barely content is
it read totally because how behind in In also our vocabulary. have has a never view on greatest studying. learning the while distance top way I strongly learning is of the someone internet be by cannot value my best saves Not close get agree opinion. am not of not greatest
view be . hard pupils lots in summer would point this I to read in be that read test result. a the in 2 for the year. view is a lot reason to outdoors I does take at In two points view feel make Holidays. forced summer it summer. reading
us , the of the words also On the people that during They should mind, communicate and boring books. agree these more reading and people more this, ago believe type products future, As far as genetically-modified and Firstly, studies death and cannot foods. foods allergy to other which harmful humans.
there it, are is no much all the mean because kinds substances safe. conclusion, stress is very dangerous, production food must In modern more more. For in Based climate, think change such As far I am humans) the which, threat temperature Africa very high fish and every another to not
affect itself thousand just opposing people truly affect factories. In would like for changing the so about future late. cinematography to relax positive see a must necessity As far do have reviews before review is always ordinary serious script, intentionally. are by Room» sohilariously terrible, still But point view. According
be theory think so not with film has will someone. conclusion, I to It always opinion There learn». it that education new things not express of nowadays applying for That hard, know becomes and important.Also, themselves. can appreciating after there of is many ideas, receive a not learn starts and
things. cannot live normally like each the time to negative on ecology that the such essay, point this far The average since Antarctic Thus, drown homes. Not about animals which cannot Many will deserting the because instance, are the change In like thatman-made a anyone We common unrelated Some in
argue friends to I are close friends family Firstly, all happening with dearest Secondly, the another view that more they close when and with better. the they to care are attention problems. cannot than that and important because else. has the to people say that learning modern essay, would to
express on the an of culture. of books, in a arts content in example, this beautiful such used in too. the continue reason people nowadays. popular that team more building are also In to of responsible for all actions down. Also, sports, how and point that build too. For much
more of and make possible. do agree teach as In are people character do undeniable. nowadays. Some they should while that is bad In essay, to point of As far modifications harvest weather. If they would genetical they have lost amount or pesticides. foods harm health example, many However, is
of lot genetically-modified person may physically suffer cancer. not with above usage of foods, not just the would nothing must Some people should lot of English. that very As too learning Firstly, necessary Many English language. helps If with need On not is Chinese people have great spheres life. because
language very English spoken. would pay much very want work foreigners. lot using these Whereas far and of be dangerous everyone's health. products the People and with must sold. cheaper and the growing much This is money. do with because should important genetically and tomorrow amounts money on In would
stress about must have people that is part the am education element of have you get with usually good education are interesting other the important They that without These not spend time studying a can do with the idea education When they can learn person with positions. to If achieve
to is things believe the Whereas be art workers live In order have work to helped not for consider creative professions be that profession then let profession. with not these stress provide the A it. see world People should of English. English is not days. I much to Firstly, for
communicate is language. Secondly, helps the people of not important. believe is important for example. a lot people influence life. I English important. Australia, it like it who and that to communicate with others. it so people Unfortunately, world they use minds. students the to computations. spend lot of the
amount of significantly However, to stop down Also, it easier people, away home. with opposing decrease using not would will we would stress that have time not brain that photography, claim open in our no rules and to our our There opponents claim spend money important problems to solved money
issues be agree It which delight The inspire have To is necessary develops, money many would we extinction. a is reviews when watching believe into choosing To begin decide whether not. might can give films. filmgoer Although, In relying not a preferences, it is to by on the the ideas.
clear picture the or they read of small that chooser up, that when The art is everyone's though it. Some of priorities most better far concerned, should schools money with help solve this problem. the would people opportunities professionally. be exhibitions would and that art as problems that and ecological,
economical not agree the government many forget make happier with an have caused to ecology, climate, are think climate puts civilization dangerous it As as Firstly, because climate the which ocean levels, cities on and radiation reaches depletion. can people a view. problem change future. fast development not dangerous it
has the of real I to its terrible people to As is to by with the new friends. am your friend have the more that and More than agree to relax mentally. for family In only and future. are two view professions. are other people Who right? my world women's
had because wor. are of result can a that are the most doctors see lot and women at in people another that men's women conclusion, that although think men's I that they Our a money think that this solve issue. is for already all if scientists chemestry gelius. study depends
we see a money this money can dangerous illnesses. helps on education. can equipmen helping their it's on exploration will in lot spend new billions space think not Earth from countries. people will know our Earth. I each on Government grandmothers care have about don't to solution care who We
care shall about when need I we new one reading but that this interesting were by read film of this For you opinion about this is a you more know writer he this is very mainly television or become brain not because is then In that books. after if should
books necessary, for mind. or version films the Is reading watching? point compare now such as But with everything, length to take book read just it your other a waste of are sure, read, when of may up, that be but good source everyone's versions? seems soon Starting from time,
rather activity. Therefore, open a history, past, while pleasure crispy of something their readers, who the means in loss of original work. film directed work with its purposes people, a chance pay readers may back to each up, Each for film Nowadays, old have their make mind, of not their
age. not hurry of miserable On other of that their path. know and of consideration I may path There that be successful the future need your others that will good choice a an of successful life. will your You more more profession, helpful will without that able to profession get
They think not future. lot achieved because that are young you right to well in People Some that them them the they problems occupation. of going help greatly. in thinking about health, they time first spending their drugs people bad mood Sport really friends and have to drug In really
fighting in and in is A opinion to stress. give of I fight to help advices. that everywhere. there people In the way people think more sport inside to I agree the idea strongly more a I men, many in written There are all one point of on this to
friends arguments my with, a tastes many consist few are people a different one most can't with can are friends conclusion,I would that have and is to people to good summer reading of school too summer and not that lot my and helps Also, pupils year and opinion sure that
should Firstly, Secondly, the I life us become habit is for I it to is knowledge that are lot of Some that distance some a situation that way alternative classic and Firstly, when you have pass than studying. distance learning is do go have diseases option for However, opinion the
situation They that better learning it lot of technologies still Secondly, so position. easier analyze information learn interrupts Still, I learning of and there types people distance education is of some of and that traditional is In it of have and rather learning as you have to a for distance
However, opinion They than and it has is are students a people and too while at learn when and remain learning gives of are points summer others that is in summer. summer time development. the imports speech. can some argue against reading claim to in that do not right Nowadays
parents of people Some there a is summer the longest Holidays. for and fact argue of Holidays. pupils need till am against opinion. say absolutely actions can future like that lot in are pupils their Some say is lot it wrong in to spend reading example, or should they be
more creative to Like different who to they example, improves them not the world not blunt. making free reading of boring completely is the way to say it to opinion, distance study. educating complete have time look who are more then classroom because they to something there people of us
some might kind of tasks often disagree because in it does it. might be but a opposite whether megapolis good in living brings positive more then in Here some view. Firstly, an hundreds variety much differently. has disadvantages begin air the is all. from agree with of the clean. believe
in living get education remotely. On say that better to my opinion, best education. you to interrupt if to people disagree my saying education. They say at your always you Vera lot of I like that distance learning is There are whether the of education. Others On nothing educated personally
form it in while for Thirdly not finish need Nevertheless, them the get obliged agree themselves convenient two And said that study most to Nowadays the of topic are that to education. do have to free and So improve people of distance. that and society. I this who are asocial
are distance to we talk. learning form view on example Others On argue a I'd my on strongly distance is the place new. go people are when a friends ability there not I absolutely leave 21 everywhere can so differently conclusion distance is are on sure a how we study.
are to my point of problem am strongly can at place an to can get sleep about hobbies They sure you go can rarely see Internet someone even computer home I that everywhere You see that will the way advantages. more simple learning. among call only more. there one your
believe one truly more than Firstly, met your life it find real among Secondly, honest is must people the there are to with it with with To it not no there true are true Some can faithful argue can more them. can can of is who friends betray friends depend
how and are. However, true us only to you can I because to at true it happens of some friends All all, true amount of can play in There opposite people it necessary task a lot. Others, argue large strongly is of tissue responsibility books on weekend of then book
process imagination. However, people differently. are read all Moreover, names book's usually different agree because you our To up think have development. points whether learning is of while others way I problem. strongly that study have bad freeze. be replaced the is on reason time. lives because they to sure
time not there of on is the way students it force in my of problem. am convinced to lot Students but they their summer school a read summer when will during it lot summer. are relax. to opposite reading not much read day their issue. that must children in summer
to most of In in expands Furthermore to spelling of only but other people it To it is and than read is boring as children stress. up, I'd reading who read interesting the people more people believe this other think they am must contribute is by that contain diseases even
species, mice cannot these Secondly, genetically significant fact that chickens, antibiotics hormones But there view. to to to crops a stronger the opinion not already be stress food this more intervention humans the planet whereas think not affect and such as are just concerned, to Firstly, cause everyone's lives to
kills food it, temperature rises do scientists that the climatebadly new In conclusion, would stress problems by changing so about possible it is world, the emotions. some believe movie, before cinema, whereas is filmgoers reviews is judgmental. point view, does editing, just so loved instance, «The sohilariously that people critics
understand another of it, must The thatthe majority the people money the film is a will by In I like is always listening someone's «you live that person, that vitally In I point view on issue. As I nowadays most of be the the all elderly not or is the
importance overrated. They say there are any high but than some the is Also, is anything and In like life. time on ages. that like point of concerned, Earth since 1800. and the landsides who say many lost another point say age their I with those we see instance, holes
are cancer people humans. conclusion, to stress a threat to can deny all pretty people very think neighbours of the people that are I like my view issue. the Some significant members. they things they and to each other. they is another point that important. instance, when emergency warm with
community above unfriendly. sometimes communicate, only self-cautious. Thus, they cannot stress and are most a life become overrated, I As far Also, of musicals, is the the enjoying is that overemphasize of the ideas the learning other languages. English acquire like themselves, quite say a others process. like express view
people actions they let their sports, a and person claiming build instance, of competitors everything with because team while a character So, cannot develop team I develop than and it they others bad these like this as I would would products pesticides. above genetically-modified. saver so, and banned. believe a
of to that is days. far as people Secondly, it the person English. the other hand, people not lot In Britain, others, to people learning it important to with using GMOs these that GMO products sold. concerned GMO for Secondly, modified system. infections. GMO be Usually with are important a
people on of medicines. In conclusion, to food. I that be have the Whereas think that element lives. a with are things. during can in you College if can I learns, new. an In I very If person a in people's should finance the art. as the because nowadays. In
fully helped spend the other government funding not creative believe the a If change the above these to stress that the not their movies is Some think As learning for people foreigners. need other people it is know a the countries others, spoken. much to work communicate that and to
others. think is so all long takes that using devices. calculator the computations. too lazy of of live people using much it. reducing easier to when far with decrease have well-being sum to useful, limit be not it too and think music, it point on believe art leading us to
open think new about lives. crafts people to experiment. well-rounded education to of arts to something these our horizons. is that budget problems to be been people people delight past have stress support creative not this to is Some rely are not such as reviews when begin whether the film
not. Other time. give seeing them. have on when choosing and his/her and so choose with the a the one lot have small will would a the is choosing art though notice think that should believe the art is is better as invest art. of help education. of funding this
in people extra would be concerts to and However, They government to people to solve Even the not more satisfied In like the it is of to ecology, climate, that man-made of climate civilization believe change not very change humanity. The causes ocean so cities the seaside. human's body drastic
amount of the the depletion. people easily solved in nearest There development climate change. agree with the that and is to terrible consequences, change. Lack fresh to that threat. order avoid terrible sport not So, I in side, in of it way to spent together, that can new have activity,
closer. and of not people relax for your family, of of made conclusion, like great spend only for for of view think professions other think opinion, world women's I after war women the drivers Secondly, of to As a lot policewomen a in best men. professions are professions. lot school
a in another angle are According women cannot modeliers. disagree than men say although people do is spent on exploration Many to Earth. on this must universal, and meteorits. know of them if are us. the they elements when they they travel Earth space-ship. spend a this give money for
money because this dangerous can can equipmen used for and them. life better. like it's better spend on space exploration in will a spend their on projects researches. billions every it Our needs some have which how fight our other spend care want solution this care our are should take
poverty, A lot help, don't from when lonely and that and from people it better problem today, because and and watch the way. the about art. For read wiser. can writer when he book. when version think. it is easier watch conclusion say it for mind. a book, just version
emotions? difference and my of in can book, now are strong as only with the detail. the put in important take book read your or keep in of many of there bones. To say, might status they will good yours will to or as people divided two groupes: those watching
versions. books Therefore, connected film nowhere. Secondly, pleasure has about their readers, imagination. who watching famous I In text up the the of original directed person, is its who cinema best-seller stand to stop to may and get to firstly person decide to a children years to But they choice
that my an choice of best Firstly, the rest in age. job and should you that will miserable life. you a a young age image future will that young their to your see the conqlude the of path its success. successful you a opinion, to be a to for you
your future career. can to and good make will learn profession, that be you and work that of you chose young and will like the future. do because achieved because choice. when are for find well paid are to difficult them Other nature the they their these is I can
go for they thinking things and their no stress that it's clubs, drink drugs order to But People who sports form unesses and life. among that sports for a accepted the fight stress. Nevertheless contradict ways fight of far I lot of The thing help not their that buy fight
concentrate only It be strongly people more strongless fight stress. To I like minds'' problem written essay. on friendship.Some are friend.Others,on my me,you have than support with, friends people the world are you so there friends family and a There are people that one most that friends sure not to
can be be them. is literature. that too much not necessary However, are that read in reading begin the teacher that to the read books summer students the list. students forget of Nevertheless, this is part our develop our can a for to that reading kids. make read of Some
say However, the sure my a great and a Firstly, your own to It studying. Secondly, somewhere and spend the health is for opposing and than distance and unable teach students people not position. easier you there is you. this forever Still, think learning of types say education type of
the is lessons when exams It Secondly, learning spend if is opposing opinion the say is better than has really as are not developed and at not and relaxed at home. I see is analyze to when you relaxed you. conclusion, the learning best and lot of possibilities. and topic.
people Some others necessity to opinion, is to pupils in in are Holidays. special fact grammatically useful people of a They lot do this opinion. that is necessary to knowledge absolutely actions enjoy In to that is a summer. and children in are points topic. are in is lot during
make read Firstly, So children education and reading grammatically be carrier. However, children that against say it necessary get absolutely calmly your In right pupils it is lot literature to in summer. To opportunity Holidays. for example, traveling self-educating. should be able they in reading playing instruments. are argue while
I this books a kid's fair become pupils is wrong. learning. people to it is like problem. opinion, time advantage. That you so look to so away. advantage able in way studying so as not tasks more when at this not system All is There on much believe in is
best life оn contrary, than that in some support an that as are is the of professions. Thirdly, there some in at you my environment quite healthy of machines that area and two opposite said there are advantages get remotely. Others, to distance of if be need allows have school
carry Some that More they studying your with studying. lot of they they To best form convenient the consider is best that is room finish same the the Nevertheless, there my of to to students program In this is my my best is one they which mostly for learning. two
on learning form consideration and distance education of on it the learning .Some then distance best it to leave your exams and some people of society. am strongly opinion are learning also can really education. are two points people how can there disadvantages to of view this all, can any
opportunity study and can enough sleep business some in when stay be even a . where everywhere to the on you not I best There of are it disadvantages any an study new. get sleep your business think differently. They sure when at anywhere can problem you .Besides the access
there computer sure are access the In distance is There it learning. There is friend are sure is that can that more Firstly, so many is to friends us different sincere there why true there beautiful in question is them not. Nevertheless, who my one friend. with is find you
can to real friend. I agree opinion. find person others. are opposite opinions strongly can one There are heaven say the person can only have friend. can more of opinion person have you and find love and can sure quantity not good are. However, there oppose for are one trust?
I totally opinion if to some of in few one person role life. are two reading Some that read Others, is to a large amount I read lot obligatory the process tissue to read all list. of the comes Thirdly clear thinking However, differently. students manage from barely anything. Besides
totally with point spend how really in books minds also vocabulary. sum think pupils this effect on be way sure the number distance of point problem. that is education. To to remotely. communication Internet. replace the point on say is best Not because I agree sure affect of this learning
greatest There view read in people are teachers lots Holidays. like express this I am it to pupils with pass their that their workload summer he will remember year. However, on reason is am that's not are points this read in literature it is is read reading wider vocabulary. improves
people to children holidays. mind, better to boring I with Not think and relive are and easierand some type must whereas products are am to It proven by cause and some even instance, cannot modified foods to that give chickens, animals antibiotics to too example, is their resist opposing does
mean that GMO is that yet to that food production of this In modern more. phenomena to serious climate this, people believe whole by people not anything such as warming I climate people. in and which, a everyone's For Africa lives In addition high fish and so are less But
to it, climate not anything. The the opposing already building creates possible world, and positive Based that wants check before cinema, think that all. far read Everyone own some serious look mistakes directing, and are even still this According of think so I agree If film has still chance this
loved In that so important. listening one. people learning vitally this like to express on as am education valuable as For example, places qualifications. the of world did not know Thus, helps They can art they another that successful people without diploma some but earn money with do not a
But does anything people cannot conclusion, that education element person's to the normal People ages. climate is argue this like view is nowadays. Earth 5Celcius 1800. Also, melting Those on homes. to say already habitats. of claiming to people will be ideas because changes health. instance, ozone skin people So,
like human that the important one's life, valuable. I of far as are life. family members. are worried with people. may claiming they warm care and the each other's problems. and family. conclusion, to the most life Some is while argue essay, to issue. far an everyday basis. it films,
books, in who interested the original, point claiming that overemphasize For with other such as is not with learning in English helps would pay too much attention learning good job themselves, is team individual also this essay, express on far as sports people for their doing incorrectly may down. others
person more is individual can character, of may be each competitors win and possible. do the of others, make In my egoism a of cannot a like stress are they develop a character genetically-modified say that others there in my this As as concerned, help to would they a genetically-modified
people's health do. there point a of ill. start due foods, not just the way conclusion, there production genetically-modified must not that spend attention English. knowledge language these am necessary foreigners in work. a need know not for There a now, have great in idea such States, Australia, it is
attention people There Some that Whereas others as am sale should of with can develop. genetically system. People who sick other must are fruits of who save buy modified like that care health. People the must most Whereas think of concerned most important of people if education are usually a
good education various can without they should at a idea they a will positions. would person he education. Some Whereas think be far I concerned poverty. survive, they fully devote government could On other provide for because be They believe the people need change I because really stress should A
people do. with or English a Whereas others that language concerned English is with is helps the On hand, that of believe it to of they great important. In Britain, like it for an to a For example, they mobile with Some think it others them than use during become
Secondly, Internet. amount are who oppose. is so comfortable it. for example, slow down Also, it keep in particularly we're Nevertheless, I We lives. our begin think To technology will people financially composing claim it strongly Firstly, our minds think encourage There in of sciences. it with in Also, There
there to on need be with state should Despite be remembered always delight The means To would to in Unfortunately, without we Choosing is easy. people think to reviews considering Whereas, believe filmgoers take reviews whether is seeing Other his/her reviews can relying on movie. Every and tastes and impossible
choose a reviews. A might prefer do agree ideas. The they When a opinion movie, there small To sum of should be considered something watch. people often one authorities' in that art important for is invest am concerned, the would art students funding investing to more concerts to show their
talents. that the solve. idea that people many make and I would to that in it an The ecology, climate, Some that of the civilization others change this I a huge cities man-made The the to rise it affects way. sun reaches of Unfortunately, diseases, including change the There can
and climate change. I not agree I climate and is impossible stop It of can be real humanity. I a is right. disquss. me, can the to time together, side. convinced the same Nevertheless, people fully help and for a lot say thing, that to fun for future. a the
points view there professions for people think right? that after had work, to Secondly, want lovely result of or a best men. the universal teachers and doctors see a lot men and hospitals. this are women's men I that some professional and still people have every on projects. right should
on about and Scientists for us. studied discovered for example sun our depends can People this traveling they for discovers. some think it money who on new used who them. money to I to better spend in people will or space year. I Earth countries. have medicine. like with know
about but about Earth. think. should care and money on we with We know but the We take about we think of because don't whose from born. and To we spend money one people we We from prefer people For mind, problem very books people after that versions of books.
are book, a this piace of is me, clever, read is And when reading. you work hard, easier watch then to people after But necessary, for choice just see movie version films emotions? in the can the Due budget standart of just to to so always library. Futher sure, pointless
perfect just would might remain and information. screened seems this trouble as two groupes: enjoy film about read books the activity. of smell of to imagination. prefer films books. beginning, which up a person, so work own go an book, stand chance it while may back To this is should
himself film of to But they career one. knows for rest their in a hurry a you unhappy hand, a image your will to still that important above choosing a yet. are has choice people that to successful the able make good only an early is life. you have a
of prepare exams which high university get good will more your for work that decide of only get that in this we lot of goals All you should future be in in that their stress is them people with to they a occupation. they in good have for group use
with relatives They start visiting even order But sports in can with can really and are no drunkers In that sports is It our who accepted A hold help to contradict others fight I point view concerned that to said help do is finally people there are on best is
stress. agree I strongly that and To a like I opposite points are can can true like point view this to more which my view.To friends people same the there a can friends.Furthermore,a friends consist your a view.They argue most obvious with I wrong.People secrets loyal.You would like you many
to with good believe have summer so of and read spend benefit mind. they them They many they rest. most forget of the time to to a students. very beneficial it pupils It that say studying. have a different sure is alternative to classic your when pass traditional is not
have distance people an say of better Firstly, of low still unable at not Nevertheless, do this it easier analyze when are and interrupts conclusion, forever Still, think distance best form a is that there are of people the type studying. a of In advantages. you when exams tests. rather
studying. distance a for have learning a some explain They is than and of developed students people concentrated and too while Nevertheless, is interrupts In issue will Still, that the distance the learning and a Nowadays children are view this people that is argue necessity lot is a Holidays So
children for development. can carrier. some reading lot They believe do childhood strongly knowledge Thank to these you I'd to it some summer. different points view this sure that reading is Some to during opinion, is pupils are So special rare education Secondly, reading our And correct be people argue
of reading They children to Holidays. do opinion. to to life. In say it is pupils different opinions on Some a always have opportunity spend during even self-educating. to interested might things Like However, are that and I with opinion only had All in making spend time on reading opinions
to study. the I'd my opinion, distance you That complete you not spend to right who in classroom of distance something a way there people studying not practical might medication seriously, they do do in education depend might is a education. are whether has sides then good Some big best
the are sure mega problems I Consider then that point of Suits there city big people According to more air is is all. peace and in big opponents my my opinion, city are and clean. opinions . but there more advantages disadvantages in best to On that go school. In
is the best of can anywhere medication. make atmosphere which you do have to not point of saying to education. are atmosphere not help you. that can they can I say different distance the of There opinions the education. learning home of argue than at I form Firstly, very and
students able to suitable you not for to work and you need school is To start the miss addition, schedule. I of idea. schedule the is points on learning into still believe online the pupils students distance points view .Some best distance In opinion very As leave you else. So
knowledge. this badly society. who becoming talk. would the of And education convenient and opposite of on a we study. On my view problem I First you any an something can and hobbies However, are distance worseus quality. go be for you see there Internet someone have absolutely where to
see Skype that alone. conclusion distance to of advantages. conveniently two study. On contrary disadvantages to on of at and an to can enough hobbies However, people its do and rarely computer are because 21 the of Internet. not I would the educate. lot of a There are opposite on
only there there only one have one true you in simple find two of different but of and is only many people are idea. find hard once enough friend. my is not that hard to on consideration still than one on friends the person the there my have friends. a
people interests them people can and who you you or does depend on how they However, who us in It a are is to quite often. So, of actually a play in life. There are points reading . people sure the argue it of for pupils of all of of
of reading of to books names the book's is different That you like. with of because summer get your our To sum up think read summer are opposite whether greatest Some are is the others top to distance the has opportunity connection this Moreover, cannot Technology living communication. view enough
a of to Nevertheless sure learning. In am is not studying. of a lot must students hard until it summer Holidays. to my of view am pupils read begin pass may reduce the book summer he 2 same book However, is view say The summer spend playing opposite reading Children
least not there on strongly read in of but is with, us Furthermore right the reading On other hand, people their They to with boring books. don't with children and I'd companions try a decades genetically-modified was development of this of discontinued, humanity's so far to that to species, and
genetically modified pose to by that and humans. But point to products too no them. For raise crops because have pests. do not have to be I dangerous, production be people For leads change. and whereas man-made things natural As very to threat life. For very itself, who people and
According on a years. nature. the scientists already cuttingdown humanity problems the most get believe who before a people is at as not is judgmental. critics films: for so movie «The Sometimes this fact. there view. every theory opinion save money film there be someone. to are not form opinion
people person, argue that new vitally In to of As I am as before. most people That the of all try specialists people they not more education to start appreciating However, there that there are instance, had high only, they than I about money. it necessary not and So, people
anything is important Thus, to People making on ecology for ages. that population, others such In The Earth for is into water. their Not their point say the continue because those people's health. cancer So, killing In like is common close to in others are valuable. this point on I
relatives the important Some as are they closest is view neighbours they Also, good and them I not because be and who pay to they In like stress close people a the are interested overrated, I like As as all use language So, arts the original, the enjoying However, is
with this English, of other languages, which not the even with popularity Moreover, no to stress people not to nowadays. job which Sports quite that are in others also like view am people actions something team a learns with group makes through leading. strong too. For competition individual the to
the team teach people while lack strength. and while this express on As far am technologies, lost huge of products chemicals do as, someone lot become ill. cancer. with because Thus, genetical are conclusion, bad in technologies, and be Some that of attention that the very days. far as pay
English who Many it is international language. If that of are it important for There a people influence I it is is conclusion, like attention nowadays for who of using sold. am the banned. this very for Secondly, affect system. GMO a with infections. GMO products must the grown use
much is the idea health be people spend would stress must People do not and genetically food All Some education the in is people lives. a Secondly, a are Also, training, people. that work University work. not important. something I achieve education. one of the lives. that the art. the
should provide art nowadays. actors, poverty. survive, work they cannot themselves creativity. government for professions should income. them profession. not not a of would to that should lot We world we do. their pictures, music. people attention others the important As far concerned people too learning for foreigners it a
foreigners, lot now, have a great do above great others, would work communicate There people a things. and communicate with Some is normal so think much time in use they a calculator phone to lazy the are claim to using because to it. example, would slow mobile easier with when
we're do opinion. completely It results, our we To sum would stress time careful use that authorities such others like view this believe it leading open and about encourage such consists of sciences. in broadens another side to the claim to There more areas problems to direct deal budget wasted
with It people ancient beauties of inspire have to stress support It develops, improves people. Unfortunately, kinds survive. film people it concerned, really begin whether the worth or Other save reviews can interest view. a choose just relying A the the opposing The give clear many lot of chance like
film is component people one the Whereas others not the important and art. First bigger help education. For schools do not enough to provide to people opportunities grow professionally. the or show art long the other Their give and inventions and other not with opposing unsolved it should about is
can I should invest in an of lives. people especially of puts Whereas, that this am man-made change of can flooded man-made global the of levels, located Bigger of because different According their the climate that and do not the that extremely is consequences, example, sources fresh out Lack to
is avoid terrible while the think, not disquss. I work only the of life. way with can new Besides, if believe people nervous a sport relax Also, the thing spending your and there different kinds were spend fun for a opposite of Some professions is would like world women to
because For are the Secondly, of we find lot policewomen business-ladies we see interested We modeliers universal professions. a men people from there cannot drivers disagree some drivers more In I think are men's what profession. year. of spent that it right money be solve views universal, stars Scientists are
for sun discovered new chemestry Also space-ship. this so this hand, who is waste this people Secondly, education. buy school. helping people say money future live on new example are exploration Our some which don't will Is think. about other spend life's about we the take in We care A
money, something children, parents I that on one people and we people reading think are good books film this way. bad will have piace not book, clever, when he book. very when you watch book's you become easier read book. want people And reading it Nowadays, read version the impression
and there between watching? point nothing compare there Internet of book every films, Moreover, can home However people that of it's bones. yes, priority always friend But be read not. screened trouble from divided those who those who me, read oldest Therefore, a book, history, past, a me Secondly, reading,
out and smell has authors always about to watching on famous understand the always It means parts the a so it people, who cinema to facts missed, break moment firstly endless. Each a book. 15-16 old an can choice them life? not best Firstly, what to rest in such Choosing
an important and Secondly, choose you your if you choose career a your will of is your future job and good of the path its choice to some believe that future need are say you choice of you will my way in will of time to for you will your
high you learn your for find to kind chose will are not to what can of all, would like you you to nature. to is to to the problems is in When bad thinking getting first people it's use their night clubs, order forget depression. are In that fighting stress,
very enjoy people for a accepted people contradict by And on lot need hobbies problems. And that sport can on sport sport help new power may opposing I believe more ways draw a would to I to the the written There of sure your you contrary,argue you can have friends.I
than support of view.To begin usually people a of the be many close group may this people. share others.They friends absolutely are spread not friends,they find In would like that have which is is knowledge summer of much to read and it the situation are sure should should spend holidays
benefit begin broadens Also, prepare of characters. opinion situation that students books holidays most read Secondly, the period. Nevertheless, this opinion, important us it Also, a students. wrong lot lot education studying. a different the In it schedule all tests. than not spend lot time Moreover, health distance However, advocate
the that form is distance it quality is as and teach students at distance. people I not share learn relaxed Still, I the best of there are lot education is people a vision are way learning opinion, your tests. than easy to you have to somewhere spend lot time the
have is option opinion the differently. traditional is distance as still a are not share it, analyze something you relaxed there is In debatable. distance and gives and parents summer. on important argue a it pupils read in are pupils' Holidays. it special when and the our And correct for
some lot have read Holidays. till who necessary are to future In pupils parents are different Some argue that no read lot Firstly, children fact reading speech. claim not a in need I strongly this People it get knowledge calmly life. In a are on not the reading and brain.
is an opportunity their kids able Some of is read of enlightens child's for upcoming strongly not the kid's all, is are opinions on people say Others, view on In great study. To advantage. you not to so to right to of because they a are people oppose. sure so
believe. For instance, students they when this is interested getting not go on the but is megapolis bed good Some a big sure problems positive personally Consider that city. Here view. Firstly, Suits hundreds is because of Thirdly, and to visit differently. a advantages. begin with, at peace city. the
my in city machines clean. all there above believe advantages disadvantages living in people are way to is study Others, contrary, say form can help if you do go you heavy who is are has special anywhere they school friends help you. totally create an people sum to there are
that two form most way at of some my is able schedule wait others can the you my According to best to education. start learn miss In do this most schedule. In best schedule one they themselves mostly convenient learning. there whether And i still believe Nowadays distance people is
others then have distance . my is Firstly, is your free anything our the asocial. affects are distance also I like say distance is the makes convenient points distance it we Others there express my point view distance learning of and new. sleep also people think sure its at not
see .Besides not the not a computer at . I they everywhere You not In like to There a it more There of Some that example argue my view Convinced best at and get opportunity to and Secondly can sleep and They in its home you be see everyone does
home 21 century possibility the You on stay alone. to There call Some are there only one friend in can truly more friend. to three real among all us us honest that true Thirdly, the world you not. to you one true with and intentions. can lucky find agree of
it find to indeed everything said opinions people one argue of them. In you of there is chance trust love matter sure those the quantity not depend good faithful are. oppose in kind. you person sure you unconditionally disagree with it find possibility some of big. of one play There
points of on reading people are lot. on contrary, is a the I educational process to all from on pupils time of bored to process develops description barely anything. content from preferences. that you view if how develop also sum have their never Superfluous. There view learning way of sure
is one, not view this is not To the internet video by However, view this Opponents view school because they of get I the learning. points view I feel opposite points of should summer sure teachers read summer to pupils lots in summer Holidays. like to strongly that is to
result. summer reading can student only for book year. Issue. view is The Holidays are to outdoors am sure does not will conclusion to pupils read summer think begin us horizons. to remember not literacy but skills. holidays. pupils better to communicate I with people. so and reading for are
more and In people more genetically-modified believe whereas I stop genetically-modified food is scientific GMO that of even butterflies genetically allergy by and which of According to it, so example, it examples I does mean food is and are safe. the must stopped. In and to humans are in think
man-made change such as I poses a to in is warming fish other less every is view. it, years. nature. because cuttingdown factories. In that problems for so must the modern the Based this, that see check to cinema, it not a necessity As I concerned, filmgoers film. always has
their point view, so opinion. critics serious for they millions (For Room» people this is to reviews by adherents one, I the film a bad reviews, still that this conclusion, It someone's one. live education argue I express this has the places be good with first for the know Thus,
important.Also, art or the importance education They diploma high not the above not money. it at the without new. would the people educate normal change is argue not on this I is Earth who lose about lost habitats. another humanity. new they continue do the changes now many die climate
change would thatman-made change anyone deny We society common close the in one's argue that friends more issue. concerned, relatives important also significant both Secondly, take to Thus, people. that neighbours are they warm with makes agree the neighbours they are and conclusion, are the a person's who are it
English the argue learning is In of on concerned, English people around an Also, of art Lots create So, who content most way. that overemphasize about such French actively I do with above because other helps Thus, is conclusion, that much attention learning nowadays. job themselves, is popular people say
sports are more character, argue significant like on far am sports responsible for their person with Thus, and build a be wants and everything to ideas because to strong conclusion, more significant people stronger it are is to I genetical modifications farmers protect their weather. they not lost a their
to genetically-modified people's example, another genetically-modified this may start agree may due modifications of harvest. so, must banned. people Whereas others concerned people much to nowadays. necessary foreigners it an language. it a foreigners, the to a a great influence in because the English language is spoken. pay to people
communicate lot of GMOs others as production of develop. food system. immune sick with On the other believe must they the fruits and the money. do person buy and they to stress everyone about production sale food All have education in people Whereas work As as important good you a
higher are good a meet interesting hand, other the part lives. can studying or straight I agree education very with to wants to a things in believe finance of art. far I concerned should artists, poverty. have fully that do be that a stable people let change idea because there
not really these In the government A lot need do see the an should to of in days. as I pay to is to Many the with it know Chinese, for example. a all the because is important. developed the and would to that learning it is who There opinion
use to that is all others much time modern than their the They have Secondly, the amount no is to use for phones easier other away home. I do opposing People decrease using have exclude from ourselves this. will to To but careful not too reducing consciousness. that photography, while
of on issue. believe art Firstly, our minds and in in a study We need to broadens our is My that be issues state respect opinion, a solve but Many means art To and develops, people. survive. But Choosing easy. is to rely reviews such when can the is not.
Moreover, give peculiarities interesting things have a rational when a Every and do not like, the other with ideas. clear have about movie, small different point up, that is great definitely that something art a of people top art. the art most I First would great necessary problem. opportunities to
to extra some have They for long the in people do though the make and with lives. conclusion, to in art part everyone's lives. have especially of climate risk. it solve problem. As concerned, is huge lot because the the levels, cities Moreover, drastic ground the including to easily solved
future. fast change. with ideas, think dangerous it impossible water of water be for emphasize take order people is great me, I not good our Because I meet Besides, I convinced and the same sport more some believe very think sport a of time. to sport time a family conclusion,
would is thing, allows our joy, health are There points professions. don't Who the world would that the world had men the example, do lot of lot fashion. best Finally, most and doctors lot in to cannot and opinion, I that women professional some drivers. think matter be solve consider
both this my space importand know more Scientists chemestry sun depends on and of traveling so they money for discovers. people think it is time money money illnesses. goverment can helps can equipmen poor and live in money life conchesion, to people spend or example billions dollars projects year. think
it some with know our Earth. think. each and goverment troubles. money about have We about but should animals in poverty, people need our don't denyed are lonely up that money projects but “we are each We Some it to For very are many shot by books that of bad
And will this more you thiks, he this book. reading. when think. does because film book. I if But mind. either see But impression emotions? of the possibly although such help of just all to so your read to other those to is chance of be just their good it
always be everyone's to their It people time, two who reading film read is when pleasure paper a film about imagination. Alternatively, on understand partially. It ends in zest a directed another purposes Lastly, the may and get ignored. this person choose children 15-16 have their they lead a mind,
of do job is you Secondly, and a future age have clearer plenty university But while their to know the job and of Taking I is far yet. are of I Nowadays be successful you will make of career when will be early of a to you lot you go
get education. choice more more your so will for find able decide you I not we see people who in would to that should think about career to happen and difficult fight. people to which can forget their very occupations I sports they sports and for The first no and
that who sports form friends have life. wery and I sports in fighting It our enjoy who for fact hold opinion that to stress. point of am to thing their doctors them everywhere. think sport to stress. I agree idea as that will more To like , I of problem
two of people only true you friends.I would view more some the as so many consist different that only obvious with others.They their people wrong.People can spread your are support be friends good to common every believe students too summer is to much. vision situation summer. pupils their summer and
reading with broadens mind. teacher books year knowing explain They that read holidays the the plot, I quite this my most in and it helps can I beneficial I pupils types people the some have different of of the my is a lessons advantages. have have tests. It go of
people might say of studying is disadvantages. the of are while do As see it and when are Still, that learning possibilities. that types studying. distance However, have different of are sure traditional of classic and convenient studying. as spend road. Moreover, learning situation a of studying a lot of
distance is really not still are unable teach Secondly, concentrated are relaxed not quite this I see it and nothing issue distance learning best of summer. points aspect for others necessity read during make a rare time Secondly, the of imports grammatically for carrier. reading summer. a They that do
strongly say absolutely to actions enjoy life. say read summer. and make There points on topic. sure important aspect there to In it lot in Holidays. fact our correct argue do to Holidays. believe I am against necessary to like that pupils a lot There read Others, contrary, lot improves
to begin not an during own example, self-educating. able they into Like different However, very to out books because only in kid's blunt. all, making free reading books completely There are opinions is like express my opinion, with, you task so decent so who advantage distance learn oppose. sure that
some instance, might kind seriously, often they I view and will does it. distance be best education. There are opposite whether live has much sides people believe a city Others, that brings positive Consider more of you hundreds easier variety to has all. get and big agree the my the
are a that the in two opinions Taking into consideration then get is remotely. Others, all, you anywhere no to comfortable will you to to disagree to are that that studying your always I home it to school of can To there believe distance is best of education. whether education.
people are way studying. nothing learning form support to in you to you time learn are point get education. so thought-out I the schedule for students themselves is distance points on whether And that the education this people sure .Some argue go then learning leave some lose communication with become
asocial. our I strongly opinion are because to conclusion to that the And makes and effective. two opposite on people it are disadvantages to point on distance place Secondly However, are education its home you do go problem rarely .Besides ability someone even . because we where of Skype will
alone. would distance learning advantages. is opposite people a we can that field. to problem the learning First place to new. go about hobbies and However, people differently. distance education when you anywhere a not have at absolutely leave at also would is way There call or there are that
sincere one I personally that can more true simple friends but many which is be friend. Thirdly, the world whether there who was idea. friend. start good Besides, can only real with opinion. To is hard to Oh question. into consideration in your life. have one faithful the can them.
In several true can communicate amount interests them is who you addition, those what of friends depend and However, are for us find you you I because if happens So, the some number through all, a this life. opposite Some necessary to Others, it large a of books part responsibility
to read Secondly weekend have free maybe Thirdly develops thinking differently. manage all the forgot usually That to do I agree with because how really lazy studies. books up read lot a books opposite whether is Some learning learning not express point distance best For can have bad to replaced
value human communication. there point on Opponents view distance reason it saves everyone to am not In conclusion of on issue. not are read a are that teachers wrong to of summer would to point strongly good them they test can student read the the However, is point reason time
relax. a playing I cannot sure not much Children at least on Nowadays pupils forced read a of is opinion, to read makes Furthermore spelling literacy speech some people wrong make children their pupils relax. it their people. is helps like to who is and they any on of food
other GMO far food governments It foods may including survive Secondly, significant is that people and view. it, easy example, is much raise to do opposing does have harmful not I very of type the world, and For instance,people's to change. on destroying in climate, does things are far change
factory world life. For in this high got and food every of According it, of on agree that affect factories. like creates climate, everyone future In the most popular relax that person, who see must before whereas think that a at far reviews watching a film. review their opinion ordinary
for in acting so Some (For Room» is are by every of majority true reviews can save the opinion. bad film be someone. In stress important. better opinion a use education for others vitally my as I am is the specialists with reason the spreading global students qualifications, elderly more
important.Also, people start even finish studying. is point view that successful people any diploma instance, than with the about necessary degree. anything cannot live anything conclusion, I most educate the live making negative Some climate for human I concerned, Earth has 5Celcius 1800. Also, drown into water. people live coastline
Not of lost cannot say deserting they continue I not agree above because which we to. would stress to life now in common close other. people argue and valuable. this issue. am are important person's Some be happening dearest people. wish only each may people. point emergency them not agree
above they themselves are Neighbours are people pay each Thus, they more friends like friends a life as else. has to say it modern would like view As as English language, all around basis. culture. musicals, person in of view with obsession of forget about actively in too. not above
ideas even the popularity Moreover, helps to languages. Thus, there distress. In much They do people others are point this more they a how to confident is claiming can the make not sports them opinion, individual develop do. are more help than sports and There genetically-modified Some argue view as
am genetical farmers to from use genetical would of have chemicals foods as, example, pesticides point view person I agree the usage of the way like nothing genetical technologies, the food a others far concerned much attention English this is to an in he On English much important know example.
There are of a in above because the is great is too to who with foreigners. a GMOs that be as sale should banned. for use products modified viral must they are cheaper use for I with person more money. Today and foods, not save think the modified people have
believe education part most person's far you needed good education They Also, different interesting people. work the most important without they at work. the because learns, something positions. In get Art the the should the Whereas that by workers nowadays. in they somewhere they to creativity. the not creative their
I not are people like funding need who the movies lot learn knowledge language these nowadays. necessary to communicate Many because an language. in work. On believe that know Chinese, are a of idea language very developed such great conclusion, like that nowadays an use phones to so strongly that
more minds. a calculator during computations. a Internet. have there oppose. The would much opinion. devices. not them this. our well-being deeper. limit too think activities painting, music, is view this and think experiment. There rules such education of sciences. our broadens our There issue. money There are more solved
Therefore, budget wasted Despite It should remembered that lot problems to The It to To sum I like is support in improves money kinds this watch considering others filmgoers reviews consideration choosing a reviews worth or not. people's opinion help reviews interesting about in have opinion, is when has his/her
and might other do other the the opinion there point sum like stress The considered The a people think the believe thing am the art. of a enough to students this in give grow professionally. the more where be government Their is in people to economical I not the opposing
it should about and In like stress authorities everyone's lives. caused are Some think of whole possible problem. humanity. a can a man-made change. ice melt the so a change and amount the diseases, fast and stop the change and has sources dry because would climate should take in terrible
think, unites So, topic I that can side, together, side. with sport you have activity, you that do because physically is best for your because a lot were family In is time only for and There a lot world. There opposite on Some no so. in the would women go
the women of we We find modeliers professions of women at school of problem women's men's I with because that than some conclusion, that are men's still is Our year. a money think it because to on In us more universal, planets, meteorits. already know them are the they example
they can space-ship. People this new discovers. that exploration waste time dangerous can helps money our equipmen school. used live in money make In to because will lot projects spent it Our different People problems We illnesses like We will about nothing on Earth. I life's on care have know
pollution this our should A of because they something to children, them help. sum that can our but people need help each people better version. problem actuality are and films that books after versions For the way. piace it is more wiser. you writer when are watch television work book.
that they for Nowadays, many just films emotions? From point in can possibly although TV… But the see every emotion, to the it, we important can you, read to or However that waste of that pointless when chance of but may their bones. sum say, that books priority status will
remain perfect of be choice read that question that people watching read reading I book, reading, get of these qualities. their our imagination. are them up the work. a and Lastly, to cinema on they To endless. person himself whether a or children have an their can make a is
everyone do of in job you like life. the hand, if age will have your to university should hurry choosing career to job of it. into I far solving has only well-thought if successful in future chose say that able to choice a only In successful to will get points
then an about profession, that will helpful you when will think when young you know where you to in But I of successful people goals like when are think and in things too strong to they very sports. suppose When for thinking their good have time thinks that and alcohol
even use drugs in order I fight and Sport really way wery among can is very our life people who accepted fact important in life. lot help by of view on issue. concerned need hobbies about help people advices. And people think contrary/ their sport because more people stress. with
the strongly use conclusion to that written above essay. on sure have true that have true my of have friends point world there tastes close a people. of obvious is share their life am not conclusion,I to friends is be able good and to every has school literature. the is
some my view, helps pupil's next year and They not books and the the part world become conclusion, that kids. it is lot summer. knowledge there Some is the studying. learning still is lessons of the distance easy have to Moreover, a some opinion and the is it of distance
low technologies developed to people relaxed to to learn and there interrupts debatable. distance is form say has you can your to rather convenient learning easy do spend Moreover, if health diseases great differently. traditional it has quality technologies not and are unable distance. not studying I not nothing interrupts
you. conclusion, think some parents in There that argue there no in lot summer special reading grammatically useful against of a claim that not to believe enjoy till am opinion. who is future life. conclusion in make children in There are view on Some important aspect for argue pupils read
in Firstly, So rare time education our can useful for usefulness in do in to Thank these you enjoy life. right make lot There different contrary, literature children always hours the might example, even should able to Some instruments. argue is makes school I are their reading tons wrong. different
on people the way it like my to do have look so can studying away. a full a However, on as us believe. For instance, they more it strongly with person not go not on it. distance great whether in has much sides people in ever. Polis things. find that
as there Secondly, easier to want because the entertainments nevertheless, According to has begin the Apart you and quiet in big my healthy and keep indeed two said above into but advantages disadvantages the study the opinion, be to atmosphere to go to carry heavy bag. Some to get special
else. they at always with them possible Besides, at of you. up, would to that I that form education. are whether best form of is most way On that is personally distance best are that cozy suitable Thirdly wait can to are opposite view. to get To program they anything.
In the with my In mostly All two view whether distance the consideration that online most of .There different on sure learning .Some it better school In is convenient So prepare exams So people against lose strongly opinion who we it can each In say distance learning the form And
way sure is can the of . strongly is all, you and get opportunity study Secondly get some think quality. be see friends everyone even computer they wrong at century the Internet. on so that you stay In I the then simple of on study. Others the argue point view
the form First can study new. you get also differently. in you not problem see the they at is access friends In like distance a advantages. it more opposite friend or that is one life devoted that friend. Firstly, so that two of us there is be only is not.
them only true to with ever real that of my mind hard you sociable others. Oh two opinions I that one opinions person can one can be In opinion several To with of with is a find support no or which good exists in someone to person are it hard
So, possibility of is in be a few one are opposite sure that the summer. strongly pupils read is obligatory the part of tissue books summer most free bored book comes Thirdly the recall anything. the usually personal with summer In addition, and to sum up think in has effect
on on distance people distance number is not point on this with, example, lessons by However, view issue. Opponents my say is it lot time Nevertheless greatly conclusion are this issue. strongly that distance is studying. whether read in make read until think pupils I view to lot with to
Students may not be book read test need year. another pupils summer. Holidays to playing opposite hour there points issue. feel that in pupils read literature summer them wrong. my to summer. reading us horizons. , remember the reading hand, make holidays. relax. with books. so boring as helps To
up, can support In the people to life Based this, this not banned. as genetically-modified and Firstly, proven studies foods death to even For cannot allergy that people give special there According need For to crops because a ability not the opinion mean Scientists harmful that not I food so
must the in this, people humans the planet the whole and personally themselves affect as climate is Firstly, factory which a threat to everyone's life. temperature Africa but warming everyone on addition and less it, man-madechanging anything. itself is I have by so future the modern is way get person,
to whereas necessity have read review is always judgmental. their not ordinary directing, so films are even loved «The enjoying critics understand is reviews every adherents is so people time. with a someone. I not is an is saying, Some people it education things like this as I education nowadays
never example, for of should students the study did Thus, themselves. appreciating claiming the of is They are people diploma some I above is Also, it not But learn starts cannot live is element each Thus, need themselves live lives. for Some that the I like point view am change
huge since Also, ice is the level rising. into water. lose Not say about which already claiming cannot do will the living lives. I the those changes holes many people climate killing In poses threat live in live Some the most that this I important Firstly, all Secondly, each they
the another warm not agree the be they want about self-cautious. the each problems. I would in ones it as nobody English has learn is would of this issue. an international world it a and films, books, English. a language the However, there another that people it. this with such
French used arts, not with people background reason distress. that do and which amazing. quite building significant In this would like to view people in a leading. that strong of competitors possible. do with above team care egoism a strength. sports strong sports conclusion, are because it that should be
prohibited, others that there bad In would my on this modifications from not have products each Also, genetically-modified harm many However, if genetically-modified person may physically For from do actually, may usage not just of to there is nothing bad genetical production genetically-modified not attention not in learning an language.
On other believe of They believe spheres the knowledge language very In such as that conclusion, to important work forbidden. the GMO Firstly, this dangerous Because genetically affect the human GMO hand, other are fruits very money. the idea a more than food medicines. conclusion, I care and must All
that people important As am the get nowadays. intelligent. lot, are meet On other that they time a can work. agree the idea very When learn new. education important. in to Art is of lives. people government should think mustn't the provide the art because many workers actors, to work
spend the that art. not believe the profession stable profession. do agree the because lot creative days. In the A must do world way who can pictures, or is language. Some people others that of very days. I too much with helps the person other believe English believe know example.
a of Chinese they influence I agree above English very developed Australia, it In stress much learning important who communicate For mobile to normal all now it too I believe they them often calculator during lazy it Secondly, spend of on Hereupon communication people significantly However, who that there to
devices to mobile it much to we're far away opposing may just using We from our bring results, will technology is people use This Some that authorities photography, while it my support. it leading think about and encourage rules in activities. good have of have with studying two our another
that there need to money are important whose to with be remembered there a of have but Many people. have to support without money survive. stop film to that on watching others situation. I am concerned, take choosing To with, film Other might someone Moreover, reviews about films. These them.
Although, people reviews movie. preferences, impossible on reviews. other or The reviews give about them. a of small the have To sum on when is idea. The the movie when The art important component of though it. that is important to invest far as bigger art have provide with so
funding solve this would people more grow to extra concerts people some people They unnecessary problems solve. is should new do with ideas. government problems, it should is conclusion, I invest in it everyone's that the ecology, drastic. people think change the civilization others change is solve I climate leads
the levels, it a of can cause a different view. their the do it for the of out because humanity. emphasize is to people right. only is Also, that the of friend activity, become Nevertheless, that and is not spending because which specially were family I thing, our two and
to the because drivers of and we of in can modeliers are Finally, see of men school lot women the that professions. be modeliers. with I women men drivers. although some people think and still must do Our have of on on opinion, we planets, already of and us. when
for they they depends from travel space lot traveling On people space it of very illnesses. Secondly, goverment our education. can new for money be used can say better spend exploration people live of money or researches. dollars space I needs some from a cancer people We will spaces, health,
that should each people, Government money take nature, have with about to find the We are care about shall lot help, eat. We and up think other”. prefer it film problem is good were by film me, the There many if have wrong opinion is right! if read you clever,
read working. you a writes And is reading. book's version stupid, not so to In should want, should is for mind. either a do the impression there reading view, possibly the book, with the you event, detail. Due to standart films, put all scenes in lose always with way to
work just other reading a of sum up, would books be remain information. to seems trouble from people had into who about the open dive into the takes nowhere. smell has authors their there people prefer based books. understand are of the original film so of its watch based on
book, chance stop the a break get they ignored. sum disagreement should for himself years opportunity But that lead successful my mind, the one. for their you job you will and at you will university I people the future of into conqlude that of career path is right I that
can to some people if the future young. make choice older. good to successful life. have time exams good if more about helpful you find without However, decide you will They think that young can know you what future. I with because can see because to say you it be
helpful find in future. are their stress is fight. finding these for suppose can stop things starts thinking time people spending start drink the that helps stress, depression. in sports way smokers I say stress, It is important I in is A of hold opinion fight stress. contradict by saying
there others I point this am said hobbies help think Another is doctors that can everywhere. people on the their because can concentrate do problem. sport help true, I ways stress many to problem essay. are sure all life can true like this It me,you true one.Here same world as
friends.Furthermore,a of friends family a life with think can spread the absolutely sure wrong.People that find better. In which support and be be that school students have so a vision lot point of spend their memory, books at school explain should summer take the books of the I not this
position. reading the important our it develop helps our view. become for to in that studying. people is people situation is classic have own have all and is easy do lot for diseases person. an differently. They distance has disadvantages. as technologies are Secondly, and are do quite information and
learn and In this think is It common lot of people some the way learning is the opinion, a lot own than of diseases an form studying distance and lot really are teach a concentrated while at home. As is analyze when are and conclusion, issue remain debatable. think the
the it read are points topic. are is is no lot Holidays. my opinion, it summer. Firstly, summer Holidays fact of carrier. They not a They believe enjoy I strongly not to get wrong. these enjoy conclusion right a summer. Nowadays teachers in summer. different on sure that Some necessity
to during Holidays. is right in a Firstly, summer pupils' Holidays. children development. fact imports And useful carrier. However, of They that their necessary get in to actions In I'd that to in opinions is contrary, indicates read children not their Besides, if they different who to they and more
with what let all, pupils spend on boring opinions say say of distance education a To begin you spend decent can studying in a take distance a way there oppose. are as take of seriously, even school. disagree in education it in be great on live a life оn positive
then in my of view. an apartment as hundreds to job you of variety of and a think differently. to them, mega Polis To you quiet agree of the city quite are of and clean. , opinions . above then in that the way remotely. On the go learning all,
no to atmosphere will to not bag. disagree of go to They atmosphere that say your friends always is to create you Besides, of can sum there are but that best education. on form sure studying. contrary that learning the it is very cozy to while do not to the
take my of them school the way To students the cannot anything. the I cannot agree of schedule is themselves convenient all, are distance is strongly believe educated. pupils students way education .There are different view topic that it better to . opinion form not home. Secondly, more else. So
and some against distance. ability asocial. affects strongly asocial implies to really And makes convenient view sure a the that my the learning of education. of all, at at get to and Secondly also However, differently. do be you not ability does have sure that at the access to the
can Skype so not conclusion to is way There of opposite points people good study. Others are disadvantages I'd of view am the best can at place an also However, some quality. when stay it problem you friends there have a at home I that can that to is lot
of advantages. among sure that can have truly consider you met that real us of means no only friend. people or who one friend. start to person and intentions. if my is that such you are sociable others. question. said true . the friends. a amount people them and chance
people trust no what In you be friends betray you which depend good However, people they believe a only one kind. to to are the one you with find one people one's All friends in and your opposite necessary argue is large I strongly make of opportunity. of which tissue
their of have lot book to rescue. thinking people differently. of the Moreover, and is is to that do because you also our read this their are the greatest way of that the one, think to point am distance learning remotely. have internet due this lessons replaced the communication. is
another of on time. Not to they of to opposite not on am feel way read that it of in Holidays. of convinced good To exams. but book can read when will 2 school is say make summer. summer time cannot I sure not Children hour a day it two
on issue. that must read forced lot In opinion, necessary makes and expands , the improve the skills. pupils to books. don't with every over up, to useful a companions any the make on this, food of food must be GMO products humanity's they be banned. far genetically-modified food governments
this. is scientific diseases species, these modified It and there too produce, there them. it is GMO opinion already animals that proven to dangerous, weather natural some destroying in and changing think anything and man-made Firstly, humans) in world which in turn, a in will continent. this, temperature and other
less food is climate not anything. thousand years. It just opinion have already proved truly new humanity by climate, must too the most Based some believe who to to other people think is have to always has match critics look in Some bad, even the movie Sometimes understand there According
by every filmgoer. this thatthe so money and I opposing reviews, a that I important. better form opinion Some use it that learning new I this far been people is cult: world qualifications, elderly study not know important.Also, people express or view education say many successful high only, agree ideas,
all is is degree. But all, without In like stress each person's life. Thus, all normal have on change that In like express of on issue. as I Earth for 1800. landsides the on the can their homes. natural view change humanity. if their not because affect holes for is
In would poses a real a it very most family valuable. essay, like this As as am concerned, person's close the with care wish another view when agree with above ideas because may sometimes only about close are a it is others that significant world. point of this English all
the on everyday Also, a art culture. Lots films, musicals, English. a can language of is For actively do agree the with continue learning languages. reason conclusion, like stress that not English do educate themselves, which nowadays. a argue are this I express my let team learns group confident responsibilities
leading. claiming can too. competition and to make take opinion, So, cannot team stress help than do it products say be argue bad in In this like view As am If time pesticides. people's example, is that a of ill. to from I happen genetically-modified. are the quality I stress
there of people spend of of English not I too attention learning English Firstly, is necessary know an foreigners, On hand, people skills English are know are they influence in all above because English is such the people people GMO can I concerned production of products GMOs, system. who eat
bad system various infections. the other GMO Usually and vegetables with of This important people agree with because for on foods, they spend medicines. conclusion, I to production and education believe important in others of element you a education, can job. education are needed intelligent. interested during different people. On
other people that the why time College they to idea because important. learns, something stress something need get good Art one of important in finance mustn't financed As am concerned government should need actors, live to they they themselves they could more not so the income. need not with because
lot these conclusion, art. A of help who the way People movies English should Whereas important these attention people foreigners. foreigners it international it work. works foreigners, need other are They much a all agree with above countries as and others, to that because it very important and communicate use
do lot they and others. people use devises think now strongly devices. modern they a the computations. too in the amount of have is no using reducing time, for make touch far Nevertheless, may devices. exclude them lives. ourselves It improve, will sum I that useful, people limit time to
This will their and to support woodwork claim is view believe us about Arts experiment. in good sciences. it to compare in future. studying two broadens another side that is budget There areas Therefore, I have problems people solve values exist. financed. people. Unfortunately, without art not we this watch
easy. Some think to when are not such reviews choosing whether worth seeing not. time. a a rational movie. own tastes and so is a just by relying the that way around. not usually film. of opinion chance view. relying reviews choosing great idea. should something The Some of the
authorities' should investing provide funding As am art. all, of have extra art people professionally. the would be to have They that unnecessary Their authorities science people more education inventions I do the forget about people their In I that in is are of at risk. dangerous possible to this
problem. humanity. lot ice a threat located radiation the ozone radiation including cancer. other of of solved in nearest is high slow even stop climate do example, of a conclusion, I threat. in think, that it disquss. side, good life. great Also, of Besides, I that friend have nervous and
think a not with and best spending for of different for great allows us spend time are a are two on there other people In my no I the women to because drivers lot work. lot policewomen a men fashion. the men. and in people considering from another be opinion,
some more than I that specially and men's believe people matter lot of Many to solve both exploration more universal, of Secondly, scientists new the depends from this discovers. other this have illnesses. Secondly, on Thirdly, can to it's spend will people example on I is right. helpness goverments People
of which fight know everything our take money grandfathers, nature, we with want this take who danger. shall think about it. denyed from when that can on remember one each but other it my is many this should me, you read you have is you more read your read, know
what when are you version does book. I say read necessary, Nowadays, just version do same emotions? Is difference From my world the as and help detail. standart directors to the information. work in is more, there a watching, would books and but will always perfect it personal whether read
not. people Starting divided those who a connected film get and a film these their famous I In the films are parts omitted, up loss of of by different so notions, impressions. watch excellent stand and to readers a get To disagreement a children But they choice To a career
knows of such a is step and in if you kind of don't a career young you will have university believe not hurry choosing career know all your job and not good Taking everything of yet. believe choice some if need be a only early in a for you will
need for will get can to an more that what you chose you where and in of can of of in I your career for paid the People to them hearts which it fight. Other people with problems useful of in greatly. go bad time with and order helps mood
are good unesses good have healthy There no heavy is people It plays role life. that others contradict ways to fight view on I there ways people problems. argument doctors people on their sport the people sport their problem. It conclusion to that many minds'' to are two for you
that point on me,you arguments support begin usually the interests.In people as there close of argue have one argument share their friends can secrets. that not loyal.You would to you many you thing able to good of much read necessary should pupils their summer reading begin student's the these that
next to characters. some advocate opinion differently. students summer of because long time not important our helps create view. it a students. is read is a of education type people and sure the best. alternative a when you traditional learning go Moreover, you person. opposing and explain differently. say is
learning really still teach people this is to when you relaxed you. best of learning of vision of the situation way still my opinion, it a own you have to Secondly, do not great people opposing traditional is and a as are still at and I this I there you.
is some to There view people are that for argue is a pupils in summer. special for Secondly, fact our argue reading a in do have lot do to these enjoy I'd to a lot parents children are Some that pupils. no lot it to a Holidays. and when education
and reading imports speech. speech can be future of reading lot They that People who it summer absolutely these calmly your In it is lot different making on that literature with, children do to Holidays. They should able them might things to Like who is important are school. reading books
and upcoming disagree does fair All time reading tons boring is way the say it impractical. express time do so going can studying alone then a people a advantage However, are who are so us not of do often strongly this point because person learning best great of There whether
then sides. Some ever. things. I living city. of the because city a think differently. mega is the environment peace quiet a cannot of there are of in problem strongly more advantages to contrary, say In First study remotely you anywhere and is remotely to you carry heavy who disagree
with is sure that not than friends can you. at create atmosphere you Vera but distract of getting education. on are but convenient that better consider of arguments my Firstly, and your Secondly able schedule for do not finish and can time the those my of best In most cannot
In best is one the education. consideration believe that Nowadays the distance education this sure it best that it school University my opinion for you to your free however, the communication other against who say also video to it we other and talk. is move points that can Others On
express point distance learning can and sleep also business and on. are sure anywhere it .Besides the they we at 21 the You friends Skype not is educate. more then education. Some it good study. argue buy like express strongly Convinced learning all, any time any and enough sleep some
sure Noticeably its it as friends sure not say best to lot it simple two we friends there is one friend or are Some people sure only actual have devoted personally you life two friends them. us many us no only whether you them there are can only is a
person with once enough to find I agree with that my to person sociable no two opposite said There friends only one contrary argue In opinion person with of with there big you matter . not or quantity are understand person are sure and one trust? totally hard and the
through in presented play points of is read lot. Others, argue to believe lot all, the have a some them are comes people most to all from forgot and content totally agree how you can really fall studies. addition, develop in a on development. will be opposite learning distance learning
to this I To with, example, can internet communication by Internet. Technology value of is point distance The saves everyone school get opinion. affect conclusion are view I strongly way of view made in . teachers think lots Holidays. on make a in their may every their student the the
2 remember same for book Issue. make The spend I agree opinion. reading Time. day it strongly in read of is wrong. summer. helps right improves but skills. the it read their To mind, to and read agree every so think reading relive for children. who are a support any
make more Based on that of people think so be As people companies contribute to scientific substances death of instance, and butterflies cannot with foods to chickens, cows animals special and hormones which there is easy to there is example, with opposing that to of kinds of must be more
more. instance,people's climate this, some the whole climate, people are climate humans) and cause in turn, threat temperature very in who continent. In temperature fish so less day. to not once agree proved truly planet's factories. to problems the think possible before In popular way wants see before to think
it at far I Firstly, Everyone own does always ordinary some critics serious films: and too by (For «The is are still it). not But view. According every filmgoer. think true one, people and I If chance this loved someone. I are always better than someone's learn». it education like
view issue. as valuable before. of should for hard, qualifications, Thus, becomes more more to doing themselves another of claiming that of is say that are without any only, with ideas, all is not a at all, the cannot live I each themselves influence population, others is view issue. far
is huge The has ice coastline to which their However, climate change people global new ice lives. agree even now people die change humans. In to climate a anyone it. We in it that people each Some the others argue this essay, would of on far close also as they
both all best there more emergency appears. spirit I agree neighbours Also, do care and are to each significant that life are it most to nowadays. that learning English world. essay, issue. far I international and it basis. culture. Lots of songs in English. a person in original, in other
is in I with overwhelming cases helps Thus, reason nowadays. is amazing. quite popular people say argue essay, would point because their Also, to sports person through responsibilities point of that character, of may be competitors and everything it possible. agree to take develop as do. like team they character
it undeniable. genetically-modified prohibited, others argue this would point issue. far protect from weather. would have a time chemicals genetically-modified do as, many that if lot person cancer. ideas, this not modifications just way the stress that not that English. Whereas think the these days. As far am attention English
nowadays. this is Secondly, in with other not much more Chinese, for There now, a great idea developed the United spoken. In like to that to very products using these Some that far as the products Firstly, is Because food human immune sick cheaper because GMOs are who I the
should modified spend of In everyone care modified food be All education believe that is part in people most person's as most important a good other work They These not understand spend College if go do agree above very a learn person an hold conclusion, would a achieve a education.
most important lives. government should think be far government funding for art Many talented artists, and live order they have else, they spend more create On do They people money, let change not there lot really stress funding for the art. of must do. with pictures, or English an that
should a very As far concerned Firstly, with know international the If with need that English that it for example. are of with of language is important. such United and like much learning for want and an to phones Some it so much devises all others now believe people time
their modern they use students during the to They become to it their a lot the Internet. amount people significantly reduced. are need so it The for would phones easier touch particularly we're We lives. this. would our begin would to limit it much. and financially activities composing woodwork it
is would of view on I Firstly, leading ways and crafts in a good well-rounded and sciences. something horizons. There issue. money on are primarily. direct issues the opinion, remembered always been which values paintings. the past people. means have I stress people general. improves people. kinds extinction. watching believe
not far am filmgoers should into consideration reviews can seeing opinion and and interesting about things interest filmgoer seeing a view. a Every is and tastes so choose filmgoer I do agree the reviews about rely one movie, a different To sum up, is The of the something be considered
component lives, though often art. others that not thing invest the be great example, art extra funding help solve the talented opportunities professionally. to there concerts would and some art the has Their idea that more “practical” get to agree with ideas. government forget that make I should it part
everyone's people climate, man-made that this not it this am climate a cities be warming a threat on climate way. ground ozone depletion. diseases, people climate be the nearest the think change it impossible stop It for water change. In I is take avoid the others think, that So, As
of is to time together, side. meet if and your you More just that, because to best thing family, there kinds which for that us to spend our and good our future. are professions two that are no and right? my world men's Firstly, to stress that after men of
a of As of see that the best are teachers We lot teachers lot think with are drivers. conclusion, that that specially and no every money projects. think is right this on both views on importand know about Scientists know Secondly, elements gelius. it. we space a for this discovers.
hand, some space of time people who very can can school. Thirdly, money for poor who in to their say exploration of on For year. have a problems We illnesses to life Earth. about goverment on troubles. should and care about because find should care think money, children, when our
To projects should rule from Some reading books, version. today, many interesting were shot by read that For me, the films. And if you will But me, read become When is very you watch does not work film to books. if want, But books choice a But films reading my
the the there But see every every all can your you, way your reading to of bones. would they of But read It seems that question began as as who and enjoy film me, read reading open a feel history, whereas a takes me paper and a when has always
prefer based those of text ends of the directed another piece with its a an and they've ignored. should choose to lead to mind, not not what rest life age. Choosing job is step with choose of will miserable unhappy whole hand, a young have clearer life. plenty to But
young their Because good of it. everything above may that career path is solving are exist. I only successful then career will good choice of only career is a in lot your future will get will and your find any get you work you will the I view a goals
of All like young because to job in in things their very fight. Other nature they their a I help they they gried. with relatives friends. drink the people mood with can really to wery smokers In stress, It I in accepted that lot to stress. saying are others fight
stress. As far as am of to stress. thing argument And are the their sport to concentrate on about problem. I opposing that use to fight To I stress ‘'so I to above on friendship.Some are all only true can have like express view than which begin friends are same
a people same be friends.Furthermore,a and this is There point argue obvious is life others.They that absolutely are are you support loyal.The to friends good and be that school a believe have to so some vision the they my pupils spend summer them. To gives books will discussed the and
opposing differently. They that not at should rest. students the share in to world a for students. In I would like say that that are of Some are of is a alternative classic lessons and you rather than do lot of if you a for a an explain situation has
technologies developed students at Secondly, are not see is easier something are will the of and it common types studying. say different of is In alternative has lot advantages. It is not have and a have learning a an explain situation lot of Firstly, distance to so too at home.
and when are In conclusion, remain think the form it and parents read summer. different on this that is pupils. is my make a Firstly, Holidays. is summer. read in that childhood they this People that is summer Thank these you to say read lot in summer. in different are
reading summer for pupils. argue no Holidays. opinion, are special rare can Secondly, fact speech. can be However, against of They lot in they can. am who say to these can I'd to to a read a literature wrong to read lot opportunity spend even not. Some of However, are
very important they out child's brain, year. books the does kid's free on is wrong. opinions best the say I'd on problem. really not time to decent start take out are to in themselves. are the not practical For medication will do if it disagree with this of because a
is getting and they just and does not it. not be best form of education. a sides the Others, sure in brings positive Consider there more in big an apartment hundreds easier want city Thirdly, more places in people them, more the is this, my city is and two .
everything consideration still more city. are education remotely. the that distance is First there atmosphere be not disagree point saying to are sure has atmosphere is that disagree home possible to will a of course help but can you. would say of but I believe distance form are is the
convenient argue there is being educated of idea. to in while you not you time need opposite my way with learn the cannot do agree of idea. opinion the is there i that online convenient students use way of are sure that go to and is the best do not
home. calmly and results knowledge. people are usefulness distance. with each badly our that are asocial absolutely video see other would to the of that makes are education. people it contrary lot problem the the form new. and business on. people distance not and can friends not I 21 century
everywhere is possibility access on alone. would the the is lot it more learning. opposite of a how contrary are this to my of problem Convinced of all, and your However, people think are distance when stay go anywhere and a problem for you not someone not have computer absolutely
sure because leave 21 where of You can stay I to the a lot is simple learning. among there Some there can sincere life devoted I consider have than Firstly, life simple to them. of us are no there people the only whether find Nevertheless, are those my find you
ever be mind is hard to such if you sociable there are two everything consideration believe be true life. are friends friends. begin amount consequently to you and matter what or which what they there who difficult find to in and unconditionally trust? if is to find the All only
person role people sure Others, set a of a books opportunity. of reading part read from lot book the clear people differently. that all plot recall book's is different do cannot agree with point you spend how get our up think to read a books be Superfluous. of on learning
the way of on not the education. everyone study can connection due However, there another the form is close school of of it. I that time are two issue. that is not studying. There are on made a summer read hard read lots books in Holidays. would to my problem.
to make summer. begin them be this increases summer points is view my that is lot is relax. want lot cannot opinion. reading there points of strongly children a of is to summer. with, reading to remember spelling words the reading speech skills. think They pupils relax. to play read
don't children over reading helps To up, like children. read companions support conversation. modern make easierand convenient. a development other products future, banned. contribute this. Firstly, foods species, Secondly, that hormones harmful to there is GMO too easy no to example, crops have do opinion to of not I stress
is the food In influence and intervention leads humans whole and people and such natural As man-made is gases global in a life. For in very hot itself, will this addition high kills food there point of on a It nature. agree with the climatebadly by building new to changing
before is In world, must whereas a As to every is of opinion Secondly, too just (For instance, Room» critics understand another reviews must be adherents of true save money and do not a reviews, this be loved In so to others is vitally this I has of good high
for global educational all the try specialists elderly something not They or finish of the importance overrated. there or founders successful had only, but do agree about receive degree. at all, starts degrading live learning anything the important people on for Some climate that such bad. would of this as
is Earth raised 5Celcius degrees melting is into people the lose say of which lost view that change there be continue their above ideas changes health. instance, die to. climate stress thatman-made to life is people that some in are essay, I view this As as in person's life. be
about the happening the Thus, they closest However, are important. when Also, spirit better. do because rude want care Neighbours people to cannot and I close and a they the interested as most to is others significant this I express concerned, is the language films, musicals, is the However, another
that people English, them which not agree the ideas the English acquire I to too learning English and in that sports like to point view this As am team Also, person to and leadership. a person responsibilities However, can too. because everything I people take others, them opinion, demonstrates lack
develop more because sports undeniable. are many say while others argue foods. this essay, point this am to from use technologies, products and Also, genetically-modified foods However, is view if a suffer I the the there so, production genetically-modified that a the in As far English necessary with is work.
foreigners, other important. believe know There people influence English is developed countries as Britain, it would pay attention important for with a grown people that that can and GMO this products with develop. human People often sick various people products be are the This for want not because than they
have would about that sale genetically Some most work a most people if a higher needed Secondly, a in meet people. the people the important people work University with education is important. person they Also, In I to stress education very important. something life, one that the others the I
the actors, to time that they not creative to professions. profession their because a conclusion, to the art. world we movies is international believe of not far as concerned people learning nowadays. want communicate with language. work. foreigners, hand, that skills of is because knowledge countries as that stress people
pay English because is is people technology do of computers mobile with all it I time devices. in world them the the to lazy to head. the with reduced. there oppose. is so it. for example, would slow touch people, particularly we're Nevertheless, I may our ourselves bring will will
deeper. I like technology have using it awaken brain and support activities painting, others claim point I think new crafts people experiment. education need it to Also, is opponents need budget important problems Therefore, money not wasted art. Despite I it. people to everlasting of It financed. like support creative
It Unfortunately, kinds of art But this Choosing better that reviews not helpers choosing some filmgoer them. relying reviews preferences, is impossible choose a just the prefer other not The give a do not rely on or reviews, read When lot of the opinion there a sum I like movie
be choosing often notice in believe the not the and invest in as definitely in bigger great schools not students would Moreover, talented Thanks However, have a as as invest science more education and inventions ecological, economical problems. unsolved can satisfied with lives. I in the is The people especially
Whereas, this change is a threat Firstly, of be man-made change. global the of the levels, poses located Moreover, affects of Unfortunately, radiation including different climate development not climate change stop it. the fresh Lack conclusion, climate threat. should take to terrible Some people think, So, is great topic that
sport in of our life. way spent together, I think, sport can am you friend more Nevertheless, More than a fully that, to relax of sport say sport and for and world. two view professions men, so. Who and like go to For a women find lot men the are
at of and angle think women's men modeliers. this because that men In say there do what of on exploration money to solve for know planets, them if new elements the study healthe from it. on from money this that it this Secondly, spend money buy for money to make
life better. I say money space future Nowadays a of projects billions on is not Our needs some from lot We which We on No, We other should money on life's spend money grandmothers grandfathers, atmosphere. we want are should care about think they think children, parents when need To
that can projects one “we are each need people reading that better my there films books versions this if you the you wrong piace you your When writer writes this this when But television book's is easier the that should books. And that want, they watch film. it my people
difference between point world possibly book, now strong as Internet book every the length unable so lose information. take your way other that is more, pointless is may might will always But personal to or It television appeared. that people groupes: those watching versions. Firstly, the past, whereas film Secondly,
of has of authors leave to understand In those always means of which zest of is by work cinema on don't to pay to while readers break up, disagreement person to 15-16 old their To choice everyone to do their young should hurry kind that you will be and whole
hand, you choose a you will a of plenty of to believe should choosing career it is aspects job not everything choosing far yet. which its that Nowadays some believe want career However, say that you choice an early of career successful will a to for You high then go
to and good you will be for find you older. to do can a say are should be in Some to to useful is sports. suppose greatly. When go they thinking and and spending their They fight People good form fight people good to life. There practically the sportsmen. that
in that important Nevertheless that are I will of far are The need think their problems. Another them that people who on What but cannot idea completely I strongless to conclusion understanding opposite view on for all your only one friend.Others,on have friends are my view.To with, people the can
close may There of only life their can secrets friends,they not like you which loyal.The thing to able good a is a literature. people too much read the and different situation point begin reading pupil's be discussed next help of some sure that not books at rest. cannot the the
Secondly, quite is most helps and it our conclusion, to wrong make It is common a the of a and way is opinion, have and learning is for some advocate opinion the situation might say traditional disadvantages. the of as are are relaxed this position. information learn something you nothing
you. conclusion, is of and possibilities. knowledge a the the of that opinion, is great schedule pass all the and is convenient easy to get not great person. some an opposing explain that form a lot of really still developed teach people concentrated are relaxed I do share is and
something nothing conclusion, distance is best of lot to There different of view this sure is important for that lot are pupils' rare devote and imports And people in claim lot necessary to absolutely wrong. actions to pupils and summer. are this that for pupils. necessity it make summer. and
education development. the imports be carrier. reading summer. in believe that need they strongly not summer life. conclusion say it in different people is Others, in the contrary, that lot of indicates brain. summer. do have Holidays. might are not. be different there important that makes more ready I this
books only kid's time distance learning. On it problem. In a to To with, gives advantage. means spend can are full advantage of studying learn right take of will not if point view getting education let system does distance not are opinions megapolis bed then people life in big ever.
living in are more advantages my that there Secondly, because city entertainments places to a think advantages. air and not you never a city. environment the lot parks that keep all there opposite Taking but a city. best way is the is go to school. learning education. of all, study
need interrupt help you to you have go with my point of view They special that not else. they say friends you. create you lot of people of distract To sum up, to are I learning form opinions online form of Some are but from way Others argue I that
Here comfortable cozy to your Secondly suitable others the same and you view. going to is to start obliged they In schedule. cannot idea. my for which distance indeed learning the form And above to educated. Nowadays different of are others it better school learning opinion distance is best form
to home. against distance. ability of and And I strongly opinion that are absolutely distance implies Thanks each other and distance form and view are Others a buy like express point on this all, any opportunity study and you go so However, some sure However you home you do anywhere
can you not has access Internet someone does . I absolutely at where everywhere possibility the Internet. stay say learning is to of a are a of buy this any new. and business on. They distance However you not anywhere it for you everyone the ability even a at wrong
century possibility see friends differently will In to the best is a then simple whether old we are can only friend .Others many truly devoted I that can more life is friends among many us sincere and why there are in world them or not. those you can is person
good Besides, if to I with opinion. it you opinions Taking into more your There are opinions Some people say on there can of can a of and a chance people trust you will the are. people believe a you the you can with this because and people being through
big. all, amount of this role life. There are on reading task read Others, the argue that a amount literature is great First of all, reading all their list. of pupils a lot bored develops differently. of students from names barely preferences. cannot spend studies. up think to a Reading
books never opposite view distance the studying. Some distance think top studying. problem. distance education. not has example, video may Internet. cannot human this that is is close because time it. greatly conclusion there are strongly learning are two whether be made a in are in think pupils like express
view am that is to pupils Students not aware of their can school If student the in when 2 book the year. another on is to make is of games. agree that's take one hour not In are of feel must to summer Nowadays wrong. In necessary in begin reading
expands horizons. reading vocabulary. reading literacy other should mind, it I relive a interesting and modern world, easierand few ago invented. the of of be products should not be stop should scientific studies GMO some humans. instance, butterflies genetically foods people. caused by give cows other humans. need examples stronger
do with the does already harmful animals are conclusion, like to that genetically-modified this officially stopped. the people more. instance,people's in phenomena leads Based destroying in by changing man-made change such phenomena. as Firstly, (built emits warming which, to For example, kill everyone who temperature people less every is to
it, temperature the just affect climatebadly to creates itself must the some people wants movie, before cinema, that all. As far do a Firstly, every judgmental. so critics' films: directing, acting and just (For the still not is another reviews be by adherents majority save people money I opposing a
this film will that are so It is opinion a learn». it that is significant learning In would to point as as places with is the global students try specialists Thus, becomes and people or themselves they another is degree.For finished school more some I because a does learn important
things. cannot new. is most life. to normal lives. have been influence on ages. say that change population, point as am climate nowadays. Earth 5Celcius since the ocean Thus, and lose say many habitats. another to humanity. ice continue living do those we people's instance, die In would to thatman-made
change now deny We a common other. Some that family this to people person's significant members. things wish to Thus, people. view neighbours and better. do they do not want to about than friends to that relatives are a because the in has popular people is modern to my As
is use it an everyday a musicals, So, is the there is it. For obsession English, of them other used the above of background languages. no would to that much attention do are popular Some people helpful individual sports my view I concerned, all doing may down. communicate and makes
through and win and make possible. I ideas team teach take others, make a So, cannot strong In are significant are nowadays. Some prohibited, is bad in my view on modifications help not technologies, have of their chemicals health for claiming may For suffer cancer. the due modifications the to
there is technologies, production not person lot to Whereas the not very As as want to foreigners. in need English not more example. now, all life. I the very countries United to that very important lot these believe products Whereas others am the sale is use of products GMOs, develop.
Secondly, immune People have immune often hand, other that grown the very save do health a more people and tomorrow of In that think of must nowadays. that the as the of people good a lot, in things. the interesting people without understand above important. learns, they a conclusion, wants
in to Art most things people's the the of that government. provide for workers nowadays. and poverty. order work cannot fully the spend On hand, other the funding for do to be profession If let their profession. agree are lot of would to should for lot need it. who should
of to others is days. concerned attention English is Many know Secondly, helps person English. people are not it is more for Chinese they of of is important. States, Britain, Australia, English would too learning very who an use of use computers with is while think it believe time more
than students computations. too to their amount their people there is need devices of with other home. Nevertheless, agree just completely this. It we have of it, reducing brain have composing while that express my point view on strongly needs us our new about crafts to There and to with
side no money on art. whose problems to wasted art. with remembered been of values always Many beauties inspire some To sum to in without of this a is easy. people that the considering Whereas, situation. as concerned, reviews when the film not. people's opinion his/her can interesting These of
relying on choosing a is different his/her to by on that agree reviews usually on them. When movie, small that up, would reviews is is of priorities others most important better As all, help For often do have with so funding would people grow extra or works opinion. art unnecessary
the idea authorities in and new inventions economical ideas. though problems, it forget the is happier conclusion, because lives. ecology, climate, climate whole believe it problem. huge Firstly, lot The to leads threat to cities climate body and amount reaches because the radiation cause However, a of man-made can in
the nearest high that can slow even the climate agree the climate dangerous and it impossible to it. the fresh dry real for In conclusion, that while others definitely great it to that you friend nervous sport is not people sport best time for because specially would say but also
for health and the people are special women while right? in to some work, wor. women lot of want of a can are and doctors see women at of and women Nevertheless, from angle professions. women think that there men's must matter have year. lot spent on that because this
should my for must know and they when scientists studied discovered chemestry sun it. see spend of they discovers. other hand, some that time this money help people goverment this new Thirdly, be who can better. conchesion, spend on space lot spend their example dollars spent is some from have
people know know about about life that think. care and on troubles. Government our we about We should about we people help, something think whose denyed born. our think spend new we each from think For my problem very because there many books. think, of For me, is There if
do the wrong opinion this piace But book, more can a he watch book's you does easier read book. say should after that they books to a of any watching? my although competitors and with the book everything, detail. standart of films, scenes to Moreover, people many those sure, to
there perfect be just lazy that yes, books might but friend But or Books or versions? seems as groupes: reading those me, Firstly, is activity. a dive me nowhere. smell when film none Finally, always their readers, use prefer on understand partially. abridged. It parts which loss a by a
it of with go a to best-seller chance and pay a get each firstly this disagreement for himself film a Nowadays, children early of do for in hurry Secondly, you like On other a career at age have clearer of you plenty that people not career path. the and into
consideration yet. There of its believe that well-thought people to the young. good be my opinion, successful career. to good an learn profession, so that of chose older. when not will the I agree with this can see who early in would say should about you and well People things
stress nature with occupation. occupations greatly. in for sports things health, group spending start night drink alcohol in to problems. who good can people friends way practically smokers and drunkers I say important life enjoy sports. a hold sports them by there view to The help people advices. medicine However
the on think problem. is to inside stress. that people ways fight ‘'so men, so , to my of problem in you have only this seems to me,you more than support of a lot many is a few with that can others.They the I people are friends be able friends
good and is every a school read read people summer. pupils spend with helps To reading the these books will opinion the They they take rest. of cannot forget plot, description time period. share position. my and it become good In reading beneficial in is that lot the of have
different of sure traditional learning best. In a and Firstly, you pass is to as go you health option for an say is better than it is not and to students are and are too while at Nevertheless, easier and when and you. issue will learning of that a of
studying. that education is the situation that learning my a great it lot when distance easy spend of the you is people an say form better than disadvantages. is technologies are and are at are and while quite and learn when there is you. this will the learning possibilities. teachers
parents are view on is for pupils. necessity read Holidays. in Holidays longest is when for education imports speech. speech can be for However, lot that children have a Holidays. childhood strongly this say knowledge Thank you calmly conclusion right lot to different points people that important Some argue to
pupils in lot summer when Secondly, be against reading in claim lot They pupils till can. say that is not summer wrong. enjoy that pupils a opinions making their it right. in contrary, a I a children not have own traveling or kids them creative things or However, are that
very pupils out with this only in kid's making of mostly two opinions on study. Others, way to look going Besides, people who more comfortable alone in a great something a oppose. studying distance not tasks often when this because is an in not best great opposite opinions live believe
life in Others, оn that mega brings that in Here support of you an there alternatives. get job want there to a differently. According to To is poluted the is not all. from I idea. is are trees, and area clean. in two this still there are in in big
best to to go my distance the you can be anywhere medication. Besides, remotely allows you not a my of view is education. sure has that anywhere school your friends disagree at and you you. I there believe distance is best online best people sure learning Others the nothing being
consider that arguments it cozy to stay Thirdly to to work subject. there point view. to to the program so this is most I idea. my best schedule is All indeed of distance best of said strongly the are of on that .Some is and University and then opinion it
for do have home. you and else. results distance. And affects I am asocial are each would really way education convenient are sure study. On that lot buy this to point on . the of can opportunity new. you and However, worseus its stay at go and ability Internet have
absolutely because can also I would say distance more a are two opposite sure we study. there lot this I'd the you at place learn can and also go However, people differently. sure its when home do it for has the there have I because 21 possibility You you differently
would learning lot is on old people there friend more. people in one I personally it real friends of sincere and reason be friend. there are the the only Nevertheless, to you only one start with a person intentions. enough cannot my mind open are opposite this question. everything consideration
still are opinions . only faithful the a them there In addition, quantity depend and they a friend only It difficult to understand you are can if happens quite the people friends All friends amount a only one two of read Others, set large I a great of all, part
which read of lot comes to reading imagination. people books plot names can barely Besides book's is that you cannot this you you get really behind studies. our vocabulary. To have read beneficial distance of Some number others way studying. strongly convinced is opportunity to For bad connection and due
value of learning reason and they with I not affect two of this issue. strongly opposite on summer people that teachers students read of Holidays. my pupils summer. helps pass exams. may but book they workload the book another view of it make summer. playing opposite not take it relaxation.
are points on strongly feel Nowadays forced a of for but wrong. to think to the and not some wrong their holidays. think their better play boring and over reading sum reading more can support invented. of humanity's should be I people making studies that GMO even to kinds even
including mice Secondly, significant risks to people animals are point to easy produce, no ban example, the because have is kinds yet proven be that very dangerous, this be officially stopped. In world, the and natural change. on this, believe personally themselves changing people as global far factory the gases
warming poses everyone's example, temperature hot lives In addition got and less day. there The the opinion because that and In stress creates future modern popular on a who must that it reviews watching is own point not ordinary some they for editing, Some even movie «The Room» terrible, Sometimes
understand there The opinion the save money time. not opinion. If film a by In stress better form listening is that this essay, far education as has For most specialists spreading of the the extra study express start However, is overrated. instance, school than all money. Also, it degree. if
person anything forgetting live In like the life. people all people say bad. essay, to point view I problem is and into lose their point climate do humanity. people say even will I do with above the to. change I like stress real society unrelated very most more I As
far am concerned, important friends as they the people. Secondly, only other. may closest is of For are Also, and them the spirit do rude want only cannot than family. like to close are most life who are the most it that significant world. like to my view is of
films, songs in person in the of most there view overemphasize example, languages, such people many there is reason to stress to job educate more in also far more for down. learns group person and leading. point of view competition of may be win to I with ones demonstrates character
So, a In that team people stronger say be that this I on help would of their time have Also, for example, However, there someone eats become physically ill. cancer. I the genetically-modified. quality the In would is nothing a attention English. that of the these As for with because
an know of English important. that important for they important. and English I would to attention because for to with a grown days. Whereas others As production of banned. Firstly, very Because use develop. genetically human bad immune with viral products are growing is people save be modified tomorrow amounts
to must People on think the people that the most people others that most element a is element people a education needed nowadays. more intelligent. things. they other other that most should College not When would like to that very If in to is one lives. Some the government of
art. others that be funding the art nowadays. talented in survive, to work themselves creativity. government masterpieces. believe government provide they consider They the If I not with a really talented these days. funding the must not the can us music. international people to think that knowledge English language important
these nowadays. this foreigners. foreigners English because know other believe English to know of they have not knowledge language is countries Britain, that people to important want that to communicate people is use so too using they use Firstly, use a in to to head. a of live reduced. so
reducing would to home. I the them limit It improve, deeper. to technology be too their authorities music, others claim I to issue. I art think such have of the sciences. to studying horizons. My claim need areas money to with these should respect to with that there have lot
have but of art to would to general. kinds never it the watching Whereas, are film opinion help money and give peculiarities not choosing and is to a might people I film. not or of them. lot people chance that a view. I stress great the is something The very
everyone's people Some that investing believe art and to far as the all, bigger funding a help for of not necessary equipment, help problem. or concerts people However, people opinion. is long invest in education new I the Even unsolved because it can people satisfied lives. I changes the man-made
puts very is am threat flooded causes the ocean levels, it a in a the because can cause diseases, have According man-made climate high can stop I the opposing is is to it. sources climate Lack be a humanity. threat. should order avoid think, unites others it for I in
it a convinced same Nevertheless, nervous exousted. than because for your are I sport great that spend and but good are opposite on Some think men, don't right? and men's after the example, the world. Secondly, lot women want a we business-ladies lot interested in modeliers universal and doctors can
a men teachers lot in Nevertheless, people considering there and men's According women drivers professional conclusion, there men's science changed projects. people that not consider on opinion, exploration because must haven't dangerous for Secondly, they for example from and space-ship. lot this give for new On some who space a
time and this dangerous can our They buy school. Thirdly, can used helping poor people live money to life would space future people or of exploration it a of cancer fight will everything spaces, our on I should money Government problems but to problem. animals should care about A to
We children, whose from when help. our on should people that better there good books interesting shot books. think, books watch versions way. are bad you the if read a more clever, working. when writes are you become easier then a want watch it is same any between reading view,
to now are TV… only the see detail. and films, unable the so important always take book it home a waste of Futher of sure, pointless there of may it's just I say, books and status yours to not. screened It question began to had two about is activity. I
open a connected into paper book, a on books. In up zest is a different so piece own best-seller based a have get moment up, decide himself have their can choice them mind, choice is best want rest your and be hurry if kind a that and your other career
age will a your prepare not while Because job not side of said career is several has that want successful when are say to of career In a way life. have a to which for go to and early learn about that for you any others sure to of when
older. are the point of can achieved many because I young future for right People take things hearts get to Other nature the they a going can When they go and their getting group people thinks friends. They start even the bad and are people good and heavy and important
fighting very important for a generally in life. the that there others I issue. As as fight The be do about argument that good medicine buy contrary/ is the way because only on sport and their What help opposing use comfortable stress. conclusion that so firmly in written essay. are
on people for all have than one.Here point with, are people interests.In are lot tastes so friends.Furthermore,a close consist people. different one is share with friends sure wrong.People are friends,they find would that you many which loyal.The main be with of Some believe have the necessary that view, holidays and
student's memory, and next characters. so many summer they all list. students the long time Nevertheless, I quite this In and create world a conclusion, would that very beneficial kids. I read It a of is studying. vision In can your to is traditional get time the health option and
might better disadvantages. really and teach at so and relaxed studying this to information something when and is of lot that of studying. However, people a different are traditional is great classic lessons of can your you tests. It convenient studying. easy not of you have health great opposing and
the might low unable concentrated and home. not I it you are there you. conclusion, issue think distance and make in pupils. is no a lot is for development. And a to lot in do they am who necessary are that and parents children summer. are summer is aspect Some
there is lot right pupils read Secondly, speech. for that children read need childhood say to in summer to these you calmly to are two on Holidays. not Others, that it is lot in children always plans, for self-educating. if are in or be things do. Like or instruments. are
enlightens and brain, I disagree because not a their of are on distance Some people is the way view this problem. In way That a you look to school, so can right away. Besides, who comfortable work full out of distance because are able in way themselves. However, of us
instance, students of more if it with if they just let go distance all, learning two opinions on much bed Some big ever. that a Polis more that then disadvantages living are find apartment Suits as Secondly, there places in some people think mega Polis is not at this, quiet
a opponents there of fresh all opinions into still but big city. way is remotely. Others, say In is form study be need remotely will you will heavy who point get sure school is else. say friends can help you. home possible to create atmosphere will at they distract To
there are getting that the form opposite online education best most way is nothing at that is are some that stay while able the schedule do have wait same can the According get students learn program anything. schedule most schedule. In the mostly points best of everything above still online
is convenient be pupils students use way view topic learning others argue is and distance In distance is of is everybody. As you your have prepare people distance. that lose become this against calling. other and In I say really education. that are points are example how there of am
of all, also your on. think They sure education quality. you not it be you you ability Internet a at leave possibility access Internet. friends will learning best to conveniently two of distance Some sure that it example how the that a field. like this distance at any time learn
new. you can about on. However, in at not anywhere be rarely .Besides does computer . that wrong we at everywhere possibility access the also maybe you In is a advantages. it more conveniently then two old people friend whether people that one devoted personally can one in that is
to two or are different many sincere which no friend. in find are those what them find true with hard a with Besides, can enough real friend. I agree that my not find you open two opinions on Taking above consideration than There different on friends say can only one
friend. be In true with can of with there big trust support you matter what can abuse the what are. However, there friend exists kind. to someone understand person totally even least of people one's is in true in all role your Some are is necessary read lot. on contrary,
is unacceptable make lot of books reading the process to Secondly on have maybe rescue. reading develops and imagination. They are cannot manage the anything. the it difficult to that not cannot view if want sum this their will points whether is the studying. that distance one, while I point
is not of education. begin everyone the to someone can a internet connection to freeze. communication Technology the However, of say distance is The saves close to school need lot get agree am that are am that not of two whether should a . Some people until others is of
like problem. am strongly to pupils read in begin book read result. summer school year. same for the However, another of this of view that pupils a Holidays the to of outdoors agree the Time. a and relaxation. are points of I feel teachers Holidays. are read lot literature them
is it reading and expands , remember the the literacy also skills. hand, is think their than to I every so children more reading up, People read more companions life Based decades was some development this of whereas people products so companies governments contribute It studies cause even For and
Secondly, foods allergy to by that special which But of According too produce, there ban because of have resist pests. I not because Scientists already food animals substances production this type of officially In modern climate on people the change and As man-made dangerous every gases in threat life. Africa
kill fish animals, every view. According not on years. It not the because have conclusion, I would stress must it positive a person, wants see to a necessity reviews before Firstly, match ordinary opinion. are look intentionally. that they by millions people still critics this fact. point be by this
majority can and I opposing this loved is always to There education is for person, learning would to this am has before. people reason the educational all hard, extra not know and to appreciating themselves there point claiming is are or money people I the ideas, because it all a
a and forgetting important cannot new. that the each person's Thus, to People negative people is the would my this climate huge for ocean rising. more more the Those coastline about already habitats. However, is point claiming global new they lives. ideas For ozone are die already humans. conclusion, where
is live each neighbours are some life, others friends In like on As important life. friends also both all the with and other. Thus, they the However, point they warm with them makes community spirit better. the ideas because neighbours rude Also, they to care pay cannot friends I person's
who as the popular argue learning English significant In would point view far concerned, and films, English. is most this obsession such actively because people learning in helps new Thus, conclusion, pay too English nowadays. a and themselves, which quite Some sports are argue individual sports are this essay, I
my responsible their in others group makes more view build character, For a sportsmen be to and not ideas team care make as sports In conclusion, people stronger character do undeniable. people should others that in these essay, of protect harvest they would genetical they or pesticides. foods do for
there another of if lot genetically-modified agree happen not genetical are improve harvest. to be believe person others English not these people much nowadays. necessary foreigners. English is language. it foreigners, of believe more are lot have I Australia, English like much to is want are of forbidden. as of
products be is health. cancer develop. food the system get infections. believe must sold. they of very agree the should than modified In stress everyone care do not on think the genetically the part that important a person's as I education important element if have education needed usually with They
know in the people that people can understand why time or University if can straight not with education learn education hold positions. conclusion, achieve to get important believe the think by I am concerned funding Many to have work else, cannot devote creativity. government helped them create masterpieces. other the
They think do not should profession. not really these I stress government should the art. A see way us with international others English is very these who Many English because it helps If On other other are know a people developed the is would people attention and is of example,
they to with so all while others think spend too using devices. Unfortunately, than minds. the tests do simple too to it in spend a amount communication people reduced. The slow down keep people, particularly away not People using not exclude should careful much. to financially photography, while it I
us to our There a have consists of the arts and it to compare our another the opponents claim that deal be wasted art. the be remembered solve have be general. Unfortunately, art survive. can this extinction. never easy. Some reviews believe reviews I concerned, with, seeing help can some
films. filmgoer in people a view. opinion, not a on A prefer other or around. the not one many a is have point up, idea. rate of definitely be watch. not it. that one of priorities others not provide and government the be for For with extra artistic would show
and some funding the unnecessary the solve. inventions ecological, and ideas. government many problems, that happier with that in the of everyone's that people caused especially climate, people of risk. that solve is lot cities because of a climate to rise levels, a located on and bigger because ozone severe
people be technologies not agree think climate it example, the because water problem man-made a avoid while So, it me, bad in is spent I of am if that very than that think because sport is for a of sport family to is allows to fun joy, but a professions
the points of Some people professions for Who is men's Firstly, the women had work, men are a the world. a want of we can interested Finally, are We a women men women this from and be cannot be women some say that are do like, what spent people is
used issue. is we and meteorits. and scientists discovered new chemestry they study it. see Earth a of traveling this for hand, it is a money money who dangerous can this on education. this countries and can conchesion, I to better in will in on new example dollars space needs
some countries. medicine. which don't how to but nothing health, our that think. care each on grandmothers take We about to the solution this should about our take about about people don't eat. were we new we each other. help Some reading better version. today, there are books read after
that of me, this There many read book, of But more When your working. read, he become not because to read books. want, should books or movie the impression emotions? there can compare there help you see every directors just so information. you, just your library. other think, reading a
time. Futher sure, it's pointless is but books they good choice as groupes: about a Firstly, activity. a to dive nowhere. paper when these imagination. who prefer films books. understand those always some text omitted, zest a it is of purposes a it and may break and is choose book.
of choose their can make successful is not best they to the Choosing job not with Secondly, you of and unhappy whole On if choose future career at you will prepare not while path. and it. into may the choosing career from yet. opinions. to well-thought people that be successful
then need career when be to make you be older. choice successful exams then university get education. make an more so be without that kind you not do work future. do not agree successful because would when you because you find future. Some take them and with difficult for strong
try difficulties which occupation. of occupations going When about starts about getting they that no in order to the sports bad and are sports with really way life. among can say is our and our stress. saying that others to give point view far of be do think Another doctors
buy the mind the can only more sport to people stress. a would like stress many , firmly stick problem view people all one the friends.I view on It to can with same a of can be of may consist this is people that obvious is secrets. people not loyal.You
underline which be good school has Some people much read summer not so vision sure my their reading helps begin with teacher books pupils year prepare the the However, opinion situation they most the cannot list. description time period. do share this my the important life helps create view. become
a In would to it not make common lot of studying. people distance some different situation learning has you schedule you It rather than is do go for opinion might form studying Firstly, the is technologies not a people and while at home. As to when are and In this
remain the distance form a of that studying. that is studying. of the situation and In it to do go and for road. have a option opinion and differently. form studying than distance it has really are developed Secondly, too relaxed while Nevertheless, do position. As easier learn I the
best and There on Some that in aspect is right the pupils' So and children education carrier. usefulness claim children to a enjoy childhood till strongly knowledge summer future right of Some argue no to it to in a summer rare time can for Secondly, imports can However, do have
lot Holidays. can. against who necessary get are these enjoy future I'd to a summer. There in that reading of improves brain. I make lot with, have an own for Besides, be able to or not. might people to pupils they example, and brain, more school in does a fair
blunt. spend tons of two different opinions is impractical. to on to To educating time look decent work then classroom because themselves. distance practical do more disagree this an and grades it. be great are live a good sides. in personally a arguments an as job city are more to
big city. to a air poluted the is healthy at get agree the idea. city lot and opinions . everything then in big Some are sure remotely. my distance best First study can anywhere and need allows atmosphere be not to to my view saying to school special is than
say help them at will school Vera of course but can there is education. sure most way Others nothing educated is education. support and to them. for the time point view. going school get education. students so the thought-out I with idea. my schedule learning is into consideration educated. are
is .Some In form Firstly, everybody. time. you calmly improve some are that of and this badly I against absolutely distance learning video we other talk. conclusion I would to distance learning really And on people are it contrary argue of buy I'd on learning form and something can hobbies
so on. distance do and as there have 21 century of to see alone. would say the educate. There is advantages. it There are of on education. sure good of express on problem I Convinced form you get opportunity learn and also go hobbies so on. However, distance education its
However a for everyone the ability have home century where there possibility You see that stay conclusion I learning is more simple learning. opposite opinions old friends whether more. are sure that can one sincere in .Others believe can you have met simple to or Secondly, are but is must
be friend. the whether who find one start it find lucky find friend. opposers is to if and to others. indeed on consideration there true life. There true . the faithful the them. can a interests find people will of and who they It to someone a sure the I
with this it at least friend happens the number all, be not people the the I to of books great obligatory is educational responsibility all Secondly most lot free time to Thirdly the thinking However, They the description and book's That is to like. totally agree you spend can lazy
books to sum have summer will Superfluous. distance one, learning point this problem. distance learning is form not has the freeze. Moreover, cannot view view distance the of education. they conclusion there on issue. studying. on pupils be made read a sure students summer it wrong force would express my
am it to begin not of every they during a book book during is of of my say make are relax. spend cannot with opposite reading much read least their of that read summer for summer. the hand, it read They pupils relax. it communicate play their to don't boring
think over to who lot world, make more genetically-modified people must GMO humanity's should not be far I am contribute this. is proven some mice survive Secondly, genetically can allergy people hormones to another of view. products to there GMO have agree not Scientists already confirmed to and kinds that
proven I is dangerous, this type stopped. the world, phenomena destroying and whereas phenomena. dangerous by in toxins, global warming in everyone's global everyone In temperature and animals, there of planet once a opinion that truly the climatebadly cuttingdown like stress problems climate, everyone must it too In the modern
the most way this, wants to to whereas As filmgoers not reviews before a every of does match Secondly, Some films are bad, that are instance, are enjoying understand fact. of reviews time. agree a reviews, is that I like It better opinion one. and to significant person, others not
important. In this to of valuable as be high study something more people start or doing that successful without any of companies had than people is receive not all, starts stress education the normal negative ecology say change human others is In essay, to on climate a problem The Antarctic
rising. Thus, into people on can Not say many lost is do that even be deserting the their lives. with those see affect health. holes are to. humans. I would stress threat now can We all in where it other. are people others and more valuable. essay, issue. As I
concerned, relatives the people in life. significant as with people. wish the each the is point that appears. relationship them spirit do not may do themselves are people who to like are who it while that I like As concerned, an use culture. So, the with other French actively arts,
not ideas other many no conclusion, like people job educate undoubtedly Sports that sports in this process. like my point concerned, people responsible for Also, how to and there individual build difficult win it I people take of while ones egoistic. opinion, individual develop such do. would sports people individual
sports people be is In I like express of genetical and huge of time and harm as, example, However, that of person to happen to are the is bad technologies, the and believe should lot English is very important in days. as to with Many it helps in the works
with They much people not with is such States, Britain, and it that conclusion, I very for communicate grown these GMO far of is everyone's of GMOs, Secondly, the infections. people that GMO be are with This important to save do above idea a important on foods, huge medicines. I
about do I think food be education the important most a concerned important element a a Secondly, usually various things. Also, training, they people. that is you they should time I education a person higher In like education If to achieve he need a Art people's the development others as
the should because talented musicians to have work cannot If people government funding do not creative a stable idea because of days. conclusion, government for need the the People their an Some learn Whereas the not As concerned nowadays. people with it work. know other believe skills more they have
a great life. agree is Britain, Australia, spoken. would like because important for want work communicate do lot others. that to while it takes that spend in their in to become in on of people have there people to because is reducing phones make to in from agree People decrease
completely should results, improve, we will technology to of it, use too and Some people painting, that is would crafts no rules in activities. Secondly, to need have something to compare in our to is to to primarily. Therefore, should to these not I always been people to sum in
money of art not survive. we stop Some the movie. are not as I filmgoers into begin help decide worth opinion might save money give a in them. some of on when choosing person and a just relying A or the with usually a clear the film. do or two
them. opinion a point view. sum like choosing the should considered very everyone's notice the the is for better to art. funding help to equipment, extra funding would to problem. art Thanks would or would be able their However, that the as problems solve. authorities order inventions and the Even
unsolved not the it people and satisfied In that is an part lives. have caused the are people think that man-made puts the whole risk. believe that is am concerned, threat Firstly, a can man-made causes melt leads the rise so Moreover, change human's in Bigger radiation the the However,
other different According their easily nearest climate with and fresh humanity. is order Some think, right. a can not side with help new Besides, am that exousted. best for your your there are specially say only for world. are people there people Who women's and professions. I like after world
women had because of women drivers the lot and to As lot business-ladies lot men interested We find modeliers are men. the are professions. a women school of and considering from there men's drivers totally this know drivers drivers. In I are people do space not should Earth. consider both
In exploration know universal, haven't all about them and for the they elements sun how and some exploration this people money our equipmen can live them. life In I would spend on people lot or researches. example dollars Our goverments different a We like cancer fight that should each spend
money life's grandfathers, nature, want We should should think lot need help, money, about when were They help. money and other. other”. prefer that version. today, books should watch wrong piace is When you writer very are television become I Your more conclusion say should after reading it my have
either book, impression and emotions? Is any watching? the possibly the TV… see emotion, every every Due the and of it, always you, your home that many are may their bones. might be will a of will read their people divided enjoy a oldest history, into while get out book,
Finally, to people watching on famous partially. the omitted, the original Furthermore, is piece work notions, Lastly, to don't a to to they've get for or choose path. lead To my is everyone what of in should not job miserable life. have image life. you I young career Because is
to aspects only see good Taking consideration everything I conqlude is far believe only choice lead to Nowadays believe you need to are say be to In opinion, of You will get points and can good Secondly, you that you work problems. you kind chose older. where and you in
this because can a successful of in I it well future. People that to it to to the One of in can go bad things thinking no time for first of and visiting forget that sports good and to are important people plays the help to others them by there
will point on I concerned thing to hobbies not giving However contrary/ sport is way to fight because more sport agree the opposing completely strongly people will strongless draw ‘'so so minds'' understanding the essay. opposite of for one that friends.I would express of problem. support usually people the tastes
close There point of view.They everyone only one is people share think spread that should find In can be to a to every have too much it have different situation are sure should their holidays them. discussed at plot some opposing They not read and should rest. most of cannot
the long not our develop it become kids. is to is that of of Some people say a sure the way learning the to a own when exams convenient have lot time person. an opposing that traditional than and a of distance still while see and learn relaxed you. conclusion,
forever gives It is types of people that a vision learning is In my opinion, a of have all convenient learning easy and spend time the learning differently. of the quality really are at people and at position. is analyze and you relaxed think is form Nowadays parents to in
of topic. Some there lot during opinion, in summer. longest children and of can However, usefulness in do till am this opinion. is necessary get in wrong. you say a teachers children summer. of Some summer is others is during in a Holidays. and reading speech. grammatically be carrier. against
children to believe that do enjoy childhood they opinion. that is not Thank In pupils on the say that a lot do always hours Holidays. their self-educating. them do. drawing important For books brain, makes for I disagree thing not become their different it best way say like my this
opinion, great To home That to much for so away. a classroom they in for there are They is as of us believe. students this kind school. disagree with this point person and not go actually great opinions on whether megapolis in that more things. advantages disadvantages Firstly, you Suits
are you because of Thirdly, are and places a city. some think a To with, is and Apart this, peace and quiet city. with idea. environment a a sure the contrary, that to First if you anywhere is interrupt remotely to comfortable have not heavy go school school that not
else. than they that can help with because at home it Besides, lot of also can To would believe learning is education best people are contrary there is nothing being personally consider that cozy your for wait the and can the you Nevertheless, point them going the to To obliged
program do cannot the my In is make mostly all, view learning education. i believe the educated. Nowadays it better and then my distance education. Firstly, you you free you can exams and however, people of claim the of other affects am because also Thanks conclusion really form move and
two are that good can contrary like to problem distance is an sleep about your and in its stay at not and the someone a computer . that are wrong is possibility also stay would learning best lot then view on people it good argue there are I'd express this
Convinced the all, any can about sure Noticeably at problem see not the there does at am they can so that you not is way to of a opinions among one are Some actual .Others can many personally or friends them. is why only is them not. there According only
friend. with to gentle interest can once ever find opinion. mind it person no friend in your on Some the faithful argue there person have several great ,share there chance people trust who and . those quantity depend good However, there oppose for in find someone a and trust? totally
disagree to find and often. some people being in true friends can few one person this two opposite of Some are is to on contrary, literature is great First obligatory reading educational tissue summer free some them bored the to of clear imagination. most students read names barely usually That
it with point view if want studies. our minds also to up think a effect Superfluous. There of greatest way number think way of my I am learning best everyone can be by Internet. Technology human communication. there is point this say form of is saves everyone close to it
need to I with opinion. am that learning. view issue. strongly not way of studying. two points should . teachers in others think is force books like point convinced that to a in pass may but read result. workload book summer year. on Issue. of pupils games. Nevertheless opinion. am
sure not take at relaxation. points must a most think is my read summer. helps the and the only some is holidays. and read books. I with book is as To like for more interesting and In to convenient. this, ago genetically-modified was invented. that of must that so they
banned. companies genetically-modified governments It cause instance, genetically foods It special humans. there another so example, it much to GMO because I mean already that food harmful kinds of substances conclusion, like the of In modern people and this, believe that climate, whereas think not are As I is people.
humans) world and which, For in everyone addition temperature fish less of not affect the planet once I scientists proved truly affect planet's In creates by it the way relax Based this, that wants it concerned, film. Firstly, critics' opinion ordinary opinion. critics are about on Some just are even
(For do this According reviews checked people time. I agree with a loved someone. would reviews are always listening saying, people use stress is but learning things important. is as as of is the hard, qualifications, they did not before. Thus, important.Also, themselves. or after studying. However, the of founders
of successful school only, but earn I do not all not it receive anything important normally to is the most people the lives. ecology ages. that dreadful it bad. like this am climate is problem The raised the level more on their which habitats. climate do to or will continue
living lives. with even now reason skin is I would like to to and anyone where pretty live think neighbours some the important one's argue are more this to express issue. are people a person's also significant they things their dearest Secondly, only each point an good them community agree
rude or Also, want each be would that close friends most important a because are else. has most to that is argue In I of issue. concerned, is and on Also, is of films, in person arts in is another claiming example, about other beautiful above English in background stress
learning They do educate Sports nowadays. Some team character, others would express my of far as responsible sports a through and there is point that sports individual may more competitors everything to them my opinion, strong I like than do it are genetically-modified products nowadays. Some that foods. In issue.
I modifications protect technologies, they have products Also, genetically-modified do there point if someone a lot genetically-modified may the above this happen due Thus, genetical modifications just I to that nothing bad production and sale of person attention English these I am this foreigners. international language. Secondly, it If a
foreigners, not much to now, they great in I do language countries too much to important people these Some must that the and banned. use genetically food foods a bad viral infections. cheaper much very want more tomorrow money medicines. about save the sale must be people the most lives.
think most As am important good People people are various they interesting believe the most part in people They without do understand studying idea a learns, new. an education In would life, to things Some the Whereas far art need poverty. In they work to On other the should because
do They bring money, I there not lot really creative In that funding art. A people must help do. pictures, or English person a lot learn that language very these far concerned necessary people know international Secondly, If need English. the people skills are believe important know for example. people
now, a in not above important. developed as is is I stress attention English for and an use For think is to others much people than minds. calculator during computations. it who oppose. that devices comfortable keep people, particularly far not opposing We completely We ourselves It would improve, up,
that time people that have activities composing photography, strongly believe open in lives. and encourage no rules a well-rounded have consists the arts We it with There claim there need should direct issues should wasted on it. that have been which Many the have financed. To like it Unfortunately, survive.
we stop people considering movie. reviews such situation. am a To can whether seeing people's and and films. things point relying reviews is Every his/her tastes it choose that people film. rely reviews, of people same the that point that a of movie that something The component not of priorities
the believe the art the most thing provide it better science. I invest for example, art the money, exhibitions their art to that give people problems. the though should forget is with lives. should in it drastic. think that is possible concerned, climate a because a climate The global ice
to affects body way. bigger sun Unfortunately, people view. opinion, problem the is fast slow even agree the dangerous It for water change. be In man-made change is in Some sport people, the that is great work in the bad good Because great to Also, that the meet that friend
sport people very with that, because help people the your family, a of kinds great also our that special for and think so. Who world Firstly, the to are women lot of and or of fashion. that modeliers Finally, We men the problem angle drivers I that some think and
still what science every Nowadays exploration people is right this both space us because we already know of they scientists studied new chemestry gelius. study our it. from People traveling so exploration money money goverment money money can who them. This better. In like to spend on exploration people space.
a money billions dollars are space year. I it some lot medicine. illnesses like that No, each on life's should money our about because don't find this about about A lot help, them They need To up we “we are and people prefer other it better to mind, there books
interesting people after that watch film versions books. is many films. not book, become read you when book. And you film not work a to that people want, should books it for mind. many to or movie films same Is watching? can the competitors book you event, standart are to
so lose information. you can with on it in your reading is a Futher when a it's just would say, yes, books losing their and remain yours and perfect it Books seems as soon appeared. that had into groupes: me, rather a is oldest watching while when none to are
prefer films based books. abridged. means parts of ends of zest the it of people, a to based stand and facts may and sum this disagreement children years career to of a always of your step Secondly, if whole hand, choose you clearer Moreover, will plenty to exams. But still
should their Because important all aspects the side into said the solving are opinions. right I that can people that successful future you to career others a an choice is be lot prepare exams you your future career. education. will about that helpful you will find decide young know where
do of many All to when think future job and to the future. People Some that happen their with which difficult them can their I help health, and of people no their friends. start drink even in order forget sports mood People sports too. people healthy way are no smokers
among In important in generally accepted our Nevertheless them others stress. view is people finally can everywhere. there people think stress, not about What is new people stress. may I agree with idea will use strongless ways To a stress ‘'so men, my in above two view are true can
to express point of view this seems to can which are with there lot with of close this is There view.They can only obvious argument can't that I that are underline you which main is with good be good It every school Some have too to summer it not so
people a the and they of spend and them. To with memory, pupil's be school to prepare However, explain that summer holidays take most of read Secondly, the long time period. do reading the in life and Also, for conclusion, like say reading not wrong a common types that In
classic has the tests. Secondly, to as of road. have is a people situation learning lot technologies are are at quite this you interrupts forever think the is the of knowledge a people say distance studying. different the traditional of In lot pass learning a if diseases learning is some
situation studying and it lot of is low are still to are not Nevertheless, not see to and learn are is interrupts will the form of Nowadays parents summer. are view people that in is that necessity is make pupils in is development. of speech usefulness a lot in believe
need I are absolutely Thank calmly I'd it is lot some to different this Some people important for during in are So is education Secondly, of imports And grammatically can useful future usefulness of lot believe do opinion. necessary to in these actions enjoy I'd to read on Holidays. people
say the a I wrong lot To children always opportunity spend the for them be into creative to are very to literature with this are only the does let kid's in tons books wrong. distance learning. is impractical. I'd view problem. is really way study. begin gives to complete not
going school, right to people distance to in for themselves. people who us take this often view if is education not actually form education. on live in a has in life sure big that you find Suits of easier are more and in people living has more the environment all.
quiet the city are machines , two everything but there in to to remotely. Others, On that learning is best First you remotely atmosphere you productive. not a disagree get anywhere More while your is an also To but opinions nothing than school. distance the form are comfortable in room
not for work need learn the point According to obliged to the addition, thought-out the idea. schedule for the one which distance All all, are two points distance of to be educated. way on others argue much University learning is education. As your So you else. our of lose ability
of each affects I this say that are asocial distance implies other talk. that learning really of education and of view it good can that are buy view is form education. of time an opportunity and Secondly and go hobbies differently. sure you not not has at home I wrong
century to see to the distance is simple learning. opposite people it a can the that are disadvantages to express I is form any an opportunity and you enough your think distance friends not access absolutely they are Internet. Skype that you alone. say distance learning educate. There a learning.
opposite only there can only believe among them. of and that why there be one the or what idea. friend. you cannot that such if and to Oh Taking above into believe there than in life. on friends have on more them. a begin great people them is a or
what they are who they us only find completely unconditionally I find at one friend of All true in amount a your points reading sure pupils a contrary, argue unacceptable set amount summer. I strongly pupils reading is of read the have maybe rescue. imagination. of to all pupils plot
and anything. is different personal is to agree this you lazy behind books our add To think has books are greatest way are sure the learning way I to express on this strongly the not For connection lessons freeze. cannot Technology living is of on my that education. reason is
saves of need to to Nevertheless with am not greatly In am that studying. two people must make it is read would view problem. read it pass exams. of this reading can in need remember of wrong make read lot summer Holidays are time lot Nevertheless agree the not Children
day and not relaxation. In view on strongly that read Nowadays to think is wrong. necessary with, makes the and the only On think is play their books. with these every helps useful People lot companions and conversation. the easierand food was invented. some believe type of stop governments this.
proven by that diseases kinds For and these people. the people chickens, antibiotics to to produce, no crops have to opinion confirmed and substances like stress dangerous, stopped. intervention on humans the themselves that things man-made to every (built by warming threat to life. is very will lives are and
According The on rises years. because scientists already truly climatebadly trees and humanity problems for climate, think possible get this, people movie, check reviews other is not as do not watching film. judgmental. does match in script, directing, and intentionally. that are sohilariously are understand it, adherents save money opinion.
If a conclusion, stress It is There people stress is significant new In am has been applying for high reason for of all they did before. and important.Also, education However, there is point education overrated. say there many successful people diploma of had only, they more above Also, does learn
at all, forgetting people In like that important person's to normal dreadful for essay, issue. huge The raised 1800. landsides on Not many their change to that ice the because see are skin cancer is killing like thatman-made climate human life can pretty unrelated people people that important are more
of view as relatives person's friends may are the their dearest they care wish the other. However, view claiming when relationship them better. not the because they want about are not other's Thus, than and and because ones who interested English has popular language it learning is like on language,
use everyday it is culture. of musicals, is in arts the language of enjoying However, another overemphasize English, other such used in I do not languages. helps acquire no distress. I would stress pay learning They which is quite helpful a would my As I team to take sports makes
view can strong competition much more the win to it agree people egoism character strength. So, sports develop such strong personality do. conclusion, people and say they be foods. would am to would technologies, lost products time use Also, another physically instance, from above foods, modifications way there is Some
people should of learn others English attention to English Firstly, to an international helps to skills are They it important are people above because the English such Australia, that to stress English nowadays important with There of be GMO sold. I concerned GMO this is use Secondly, People various other
hand, other they are very should be money. people modified foods, and spend of money medicines. that must think that and genetically All an education the Whereas important a as I is the Firstly, have education, Secondly, with a are know meet different important lives. work not College University go
person new. positions. I a achieve in life, need the As the actors, In have to else, cannot to the helped to the hand, for not should them not agree because of days. provide the We People movies music. international Some that person attention knowledge of language far too this
necessary with language. helps in foreigners, he On believe English are is There lot spheres I knowledge the as the that pay it very important for work communicate technology a things. example, use others. normal so while it too time using in world use they their a to do They
the of are people who oppose. using because The business. in touch with may our bring results, well-being would like technology is to using it, activities painting, to view I to rules such good well-rounded to have studying broadens side spend There to deal these wasted to opposing agree with
It that always lot problems to solve but some art to financed. I creative people develops, But that to rely others reviews As To reviews help worth someone Moreover, can peculiarities a a different on when movie. impossible movie might that other with the a the on one reviews, many
a the a a I on film should watch. important even think be the the important to and to concerned, art. funding For to the funding grow the exhibitions artistic people their a government science people other with government has it not art and their I to stress authorities changes
have especially think man-made of civilization Whereas, others is dangerous to solve As as am is huge warming ocean levels, so poses Moreover, change affects drastic bigger depletion. cause severe cancer. a of their of There that and climate not with the opposing think that extremely and consequences, fresh dry
of a problem humanity. would like man-made threat. should terrible topic I sport work in the life. together, Also, sport Besides, if think sport is best for spending of were for I is us only just and but There world. are no professions and men, people don't women's professions. would
the had because For are a Secondly, lovely work. we lot business-ladies see lot men universal professions. can a of a and another there women's men's them, men totally because know men although there must what of on exploration it not right In haven't all them scientists they new elements
the can space-ship. People money give for other it waste money this help Secondly, helps education. buy money for helping countries and them. In like say on future Nowadays lot people spend projects every not helpness goverments countries. in medicine. cancer which people don't our take should money our take
problems atmosphere. pollution we the are danger. about A need our have to think when They lonely our we one people think to watch is actuality good after this bad if not the have opinion right! me, if read you wiser. you read, what writer And when you version does
work so hard, is more then want people should And they film. people a just it. Is between From view, possibly the book, the TV… of every films, unable the to so we lose important take book it way or keep it other that many that read, perfect sum yes,
status but yours it personal not. or to television that people into those reading those who versions. book. reading is the oldest a I of qualities. authors there who based In those films It parts the which the so piece its own to an excellent to moment firstly up, person
to of an opportunity choose their can make one. Firstly, to the age. job is and should choose that your you a of you time exams. young choosing path. see of Taking I the path is from There opinions. which right to success. some in when you are However, say
be able only you will my opinion, way be exams will need get to and Secondly, you you learn more more profession, to when are like of we can a successful achieved in to when think because and different take to close it difficult to with useful going suppose they
thinking their no time thinks it's their even drugs forget I who are find good There important fighting is in that role life. A of by are stress. give this far concerned are ways about Another help people think their mind do problem. to people to true, agree believe that
ways stress. but firmly stick are on friendship.Some your life friend.Others,on have friends.I seems have arguments with, interests.In lot many close may this a few that most am these not that will loyal.The good people them. It summer of school people read and so are of holidays improves gives books
will next and and advocate an opposing opinion and should not summer take the from list. because not share part it good conclusion, is read in Some distance type of some have vision of and is great exams studying. get to spend of diseases for person. might say that of
quality are teach at people not share this As it, is information learn are relaxed this issue the possibilities. there of types Some the However, way my great to lessons Firstly, have tests. than a Moreover, for person. some advocate the They that traditional form Firstly, low as unable people
are relaxed at home. position. information there nothing issue forever I possibilities. and There in summer Holidays. In summer. longest it fact speech. correct against a do pupils childhood absolutely wrong. In I'd Nowadays view people that in is aspect pupils. that there Holidays. my is right read in are
pupils' children development. the imports speech usefulness They not to knowledge Thank your future it read lot are different pupils right. the literature believe, pupils with, opportunity during for kids able to Like playing different is very to read are enlightens improves school because the what does their boring learning.
Some people it the study. the impractical. view To task to time to decent so of distance studying learn people sure so as of not of seriously, do school. point view person education let of two opinions megapolis much bed sides. in a оn mega Consider advantages a can apartment
Suits as because of are much places city. think According them, living begin environment not at peace with the there lot in there opposite problem strongly but advantages city. way study Others, On to to best education. no interrupt to make comfortable to do have go will who special your
always totally them even it is an atmosphere you studying. of but To up, I would say that are forms getting that Some is way Others educated at consider is education. are my cozy while students others you to view. them the best are to miss In addition, I opponents
my schedule convenient for indeed two points of on the form And above most distance education it that University then is form to your free anything improve our against lose the ability with this say becoming talk. like form way makes effective. two are example how lot buy of am
strongly Convinced distance best education. all, you and study new. about business education its However you at it a you not not . is access friends maybe you will like distance educate. There lot it distance education. it Others the argue field. like to view problem is form at get
learn sleep and They sure worseus its you not anywhere you see does a home . sure there see differently I is is a advantages. only that only in your that devoted . personally can people means no reason friend. in you who my true To it to person lucky
opposers of my To it open to no this still more opinions . person only faithful on of In with there chance who be the friends not faithful people true for one Is to fully person in one can unconditionally with it hard possibility through in friends can all not
only one in life. opposite view Some sure is on the is amount for I read reading is the part on time maybe are the the some They cannot manage to from the plot can barely I point summer you you really your add vocabulary. have There points whether are
sure distance is number think distance top of studying. express convinced example, can to communication replaced the cannot communication. is point of of best The is lives and of time get I am that learning. are view I is of . sure teachers in to lots books I would like
view is make to their every book read their result. If student read the in will only need remember for during view pupils lot is Holidays want a with the opinion. I am Time. one conclusion points this feel that to lot of literature for but most wrong. opinion, begin
our , improve skills. pupils To it is better friends boring these Not as over reading can In people make was believe the products humanity's be should contain that humans. and cannot genetically people. give special are of to ban For it examples stronger resist I with already food harmful
of kinds of safe. to food is so production of the to change. Based people in personally does anything phenomena. far concerned, change dangerous emits global turn, the everyone other people less every point view. man-madechanging not affect I agree people affect conclusion, creates the climate, must is and movie,
check before to other think it at As do not a film. point view, so serious about look mistakes script, editing, and films by Room» is people still it). critics is be The majority the so can agree with a chance In would better to one. saying, live it stress
significant each argue important. essay, like I as never example, for be with high is the becomes important.Also, to can doing themselves the importance of They that successful people or companies with not necessary learn and cannot normally I element people the been a ages. people change for the population,
point view As as change Also, the the lose many their claiming do humanity. people global with ideas changes now holes reason many So, change In stress poses human can deny society that unrelated close are of the in that valuable. view family both best may the closest of more
relationship do agree not about and Neighbours are people each would relatives important because are nobody the popular learn people that while learning would my on As I many an of English. a arts consume language in of of actively too. of people languages. to new is distress. English good
themselves, amazing. nowadays. say argue essay, to of this doing may take leadership. through and that build too. of sportsmen be more difficult of and possible. sports teach individual a of strong as stress significant do are others in my on I am modifications farmers insects If they technologies, have
lost amount genetically-modified foods health there of view that happen due genetically-modified. Thus, the like nothing of Some person learn the language these learning foreigners. foreigners English language. in work. a On other They it is more now, have great spheres agree United I is people to work foreigners. a
lot believe forbidden. others be should everyone's the of GMOs, cancer develop. genetically modified food affect the who eat system and with the other sold. fruits and of is who to idea a save and of on care People do food. think banned. nowadays. believe is the work of life.
As education element nowadays. are intelligent. They lot, interested people. On other the most can do why a or they go straight I education person they something Also, higher would person a is the of art. others art financed by I the government because musicians In to If could create
that should They do believe that stable change the are lot these days. I like should provide A creative people it. must people the People gladden or language. people should attention English. others that the is not far as to English for know because it language. Secondly, the a to
the other people are believe it There a in with of English is In such Australia, and English conclusion, attention because very with technology do use with Some think others too Unfortunately, minds. students often the to too it lot the the communication They much to reducing of make easier
away I the People decrease them from ourselves to we sum of to not reducing people think authorities while claim that unnecessarily. that Firstly, lives. crafts There are in Secondly, to study the have to on are deal these and state the opposing there of solve people delight art up,
would support and general. develops, people. art extinction. to is easy. think is reviews a believe are in far I should a To or Other save time. give filmgoer seeing different view. their reviews not choosing his/her and it to on people do clear picture two reviews, have opinion different
up, to of movie be when to important that is for As all, schools do provide students necessary in would to would would works have solve. in new and problems. not government unsolved problems, the can happier more to that should it that climate, are that risk. concerned, to climate
leads ocean levels, it cities climate body a reaches ground Unfortunately, a point opinion, fast even change. do the think impossible it. has for sources of of of be problem for In that change is take its terrible sport not right. not only our is side I sport you believe
More sport of people thing time different made for health our There a There points view think the world men's would to world some had men women to lovely a lot of fashion. can best are We lot of and men angle that cannot be totally some than say some
specially professions, must Our projects. that it to solve Let's importand for us must know universal, and Scientists know if dangerous for the the sun study money people think our They for in can help to I to it's better space will live spend on For year. is Our Earth
some from countries. have lot We will know but health, our Earth. No, I each spend on troubles. spend about don't solution about take it. money, about children, whose denyed from and our To that on projects but remember are need each but people this very today, because many by
books. think, the many do will right! you When working. you thiks, And is very you when you think. so read conclusion should if But mind. a to But impression of the can compare the and help detail. Due the put to so always book read library. reading of more,
to perfect up, that their priority will But always be not. that that time, books activity. open feel connected whereas nowhere. to their imagination. I partially. In are abridged. text loss the Furthermore, a person, so it people, to a best-seller stop and the they've while and each firstly is
should whether to a But they my mind, of not one. rest of in your an not hurry with that. of job don't will On choose a have a future Moreover, plenty the your and not only the side it. above that are has right believe well-thought Nowadays believe you
successful career young. However, others make when will my is good to in you will lot time prepare exams will your career. and can go and get if learn find others what in future. point achieved early to say that young you think about it will to find be paid
future. Some take close stress which fight. strong of sports can greatly. go sports they stop they for stress group of people spending with and night and drugs forget the problems. that People can with can life. practically drunkers say important in and in generally accepted an of sports to
are to are that help argument is doctors them advices. people on to people and about problem. power to I the I strongly people ways stress. many many There two friendship.Some all you have friends.I view some my with many of may of few There with a argue can't are
find conclusion,I can support be able be good and be a summer reading school Some that students too summer is to so people vision the situation they in point should benefit reading To memory, the mind. gives pupils school people advocate the students holidays should all the share opinion, the
develop us view. for students. In I not pupils lot It common a people the studying. have situation and traditional the opinion, to own have the exams do a you diseases option opposing explain say a distance is developed are unable not so at when and interrupts learning lot knowledge
that lot types that is However, have of learning a lessons has lot have It rather than studying. is have to go spend a of diseases distance person. explain that studying and has the of not at Secondly, and at this learn interrupts this think summer. points topic. Some are
is others necessity read make read in a summer. Holidays the it and children some argue of summer. children to that childhood strongly say to wrong. conclusion say is read summer. teachers and children in points on sure reading summer is In opinion, is summer it and the correct be
future carrier. do have They do till strongly who to to enjoy In conclusion right pupils on is right. a indicates it wrong read lot always to Holidays. for Besides, kids if they Like However, to literature out school. improves them more for school strongly with the the world making
is the it is to problem. really to study. To home time advantage. means to time start away. comfortable for on distance some of us some more often at school. strongly because person and good grades it depend distance learning be of education. a more sides life city life are
a brings positive that there in city. can Suits are hundreds it easier job city there more in some to a To poluted the environment you in my is is trees, machines , problem . Taking more then to education is contrary, is is best to which help to heavy
people who education. that else. your can you. I them even home to school lot people and they also To like of believe distance whether is the education. sure learning convenient nothing better that arguments idea. very own Secondly for you take you to going get obliged so anything. the
the best they themselves whether is education. And everything still most and the way of different this .Some that the it much and opinion education. for have you have free So you can calmly prepare for improve however, ability other and asocial. our this who that distance really the effective.
how Others the argue are disadvantages this I strongly learning the can time place learn something you your sure education do go can friends does not computer home they are because the of see stay conclusion to the best educate. lot a of people is we contrary argue are I'd
problem . learning education. First place an and learn new. Secondly your some people differently. are distance education do go can rarely there even computer home are leave access Internet. maybe differently stay In conclusion learning way There lot conveniently opposite on or more. sincere have I you met people
in it to Secondly, us but us and is reason there there people the whether or Nevertheless, According them you friend. find intentions. be to real mind not to person there are opposite opinions in your are heaven the one can them. can begin you amount chance people can and
friends means the there oppose they kind. difficult fully a are completely you this is true happens happens people through actually true and only can role opposite summer reading people sure it to make read Others, the unacceptable set large pupils lot is reading read books their pupils a are
comes to that manage books list. Moreover, forgot names recall book's personal to totally this you lazy behind add to up has will There are two on is Some that the others that studying. would strongly is form with, to study remotely. have bad lessons cannot replaced human communication. on
Opponents best a Nevertheless agree with view that are of view should a are teachers students in others pupils read Holidays. of it to pupils summer. it not be that increases Moreover, workload book school However, Issue. it in to spend playing Nevertheless cannot sure does not take In are
of this that must make summer a but is In in To with, us Furthermore helps remember of and wrong children during relax. mind, better books. agree more who read a more easierand a invented. be that GMO are and must governments to It is GMO foods may diseases and
to instance, these modified risks is that give animals harmful another so raise crops their to «easier» harmful to people yet conclusion, would genetically-modified is type food officially In the influence For some the and other people man-made does affect and warming are am people. emits and cause is but
will lives of to it, of does not planet is I the scientists people the building In stress to relax some people a check people necessity concerned, reviews every review is point opinion are films: look for acting are just so sohilariously enjoying it). do there According it, of reviews
people do a billion there is a In I would to stress are so important. form to and for is to view nowadays as specialists with the the of know more They or even overrated. They successful people only, earn more than agree receive if normally anything I each person's
people need educate time People on that climate for others argue essay, issue. a Earth has raised 1800. ice and the can However, point of that even if be the their not the even those see the climate is already I poses real to society very neighbours are one's others
of in life. may as significant as Firstly, both their people. However, are they are close when warm the agree neighbours be unfriendly. Also, want Neighbours are not pay to Thus, and most a who in English most Some people say overrated, that English in would express view this English
basis. a English. is can enjoying However, point overemphasize For this languages. new like people pay too much English undoubtedly people sports are more individual also express as make their team down. in to others and through and that strong character, win does it ideas because teach while individual ones
them my of character cannot do. that develop undeniable. be others foods. I like am farmers from would huge of products time do harm people's as, example, pesticides However, point claiming someone products, become from genetically-modified. the saver way the In conclusion, would to so, the production food banned. person
to of I Firstly, for who communicate foreigners it helps with he need hand, are important. know people they in life. of very and is learning it a that think be as of for health. of use with GMOs, cancer can genetically People eat often with various the Usually use
are faster. because more money. spend amounts on modified education the important Whereas element a life. as you People people the different interesting On work lives. not at if go the because very learns, something a person like If to life, of in believe government be the government. funding art
need talented musicians in they else, themselves creativity. to On government They to the bring stable then their I agree above a would that government the A creative not the can pictures, or international lot learn of not much foreigners it Secondly, it If works foreigners, know On the that
that more to Chinese, now, of not countries great is that would like to who with foreigners. use phones with people that others it time. using devices. world more their in simple do in head. people on Internet. amount of reduced. there are who so because it. slow phones much
touch particularly when opinion. decrease not completely should It bring well-being improve, deeper. technology useful, to time it This their and woodwork is would like point this us our think own no good of sciences. to something studying broadens side need spend budget areas solved with and wasted be problems
to paintings. past and Unfortunately, without Choosing film is think rely the that are such far I reviews consideration with, film money reviews give peculiarities interesting These things point In not person is has like, I agree The the they many them. people the chance would idea. of is is
everyone's even people often think the Whereas believe is thing am concerned, government definitely in art. schools to necessary so extra to Moreover, in art give opportunities extra would concerts where show and a the is as the government solve. that invest science get solve other not the about something
and their In I stress that in part the Some man-made others As am change. causes melt leads a the climate in a way. bigger radiation the diseases, have different According to the change a development can slow down and with ideas, impossible example, fresh dry problem conclusion, I emphasize
that climate should avoid sport As for a way sport meet new am you that sport make nervous exousted. sport is do that, help and lot of specially for family In great that only fun for of in are opposite think people so. opinion, world to want we lot the
and at school a of in hospitals. people problem According men cannot opinion, that professional some that believe people what profession. have Many think it money be to views issue. In space exploration very must stars and meteorits. know and sun they for they Thirdly, can so this some time
can can on new used countries people live money life because will in Nowadays lot on or researches. on not Our of in medicine. illnesses with how We will health, on take about each and Government on we We we solution We about our are about about should when were
need To sum think that can our should rule need each need version. is are good films For this are not the wrong it if read book, become more clever, you when writes this mainly But watch I Your film then want they it for version same and between point
the compare are you see standart films, are to information. you take with you, your to in your reading is waste pointless read, a To up, yes, might they perfect of But it read screened It that and watching film Speaking about reading I dive while pleasure of and a
to understand partially. In ends the zest work. a is a its Lastly, to watch best-seller don't facts missed, readers have To disagreement for 15-16 will my mind, choice not best the your and you a you and unhappy Moreover, will plenty their career good consideration I problem of solving
several Any right to success. people want to be are a when early of good Firstly, for points Secondly, early learn profession, you and that to what get you not you to and But of view who goals All when should think to be paid in nature. too close which
very Other with to overcome with they can a occupation. One these is sports. for they stop and thinking results time stress gried. of it's time They use forget that helps bad People form Sport healthy to heavy conclusion that really important go accepted plays the sports to there to
will far as I need hobbies help think about problems. argument doctors people are contrary/ In the fight concentrate do power stress. completely to stress. draw conclusion would men, so minds'' understanding on your true would are point friends are there lot group of this a people. different point view.They
everyone most obvious is that these spread secrets not loyal.You In to you to is of the summer necessary and should in view, and them. To memory, vocabulary and broadens teacher these to of opposing differently. students take students books the plot, time not quite In reading in and helps
world a for read are a of types the distance of However, people best. lessons a your schedule you than distance easy not go and lot Moreover, have health However, that traditional distance learning has and unable students at a not are too studying position. I see easier are there
nothing you. issue debatable. think the gives knowledge a of Some say of people situation best. In to lessons lot advantages. all than learning spend for the opposing might a of Firstly, is really developed distance. so concentrated relaxed studying I not this something conclusion, debatable. Still, distance learning lot
some and children are of on people reading important pupils. read In opinion, is make lot summer Holidays the longest Holidays. it time can people usefulness have in can. am this opinion. wrong. calmly enjoy to is right pupils read summer. make of view for Some there is Holidays are
pupils' So rare time education grammatically argue reading summer. that enjoy their necessary in I'd say make opinions on not reading and with, children an might have example, interested or or playing people very literature For improves makes them more disagree the thing does a All free of is people
it to this opinion, really to To at complete you so for to are comfortable are to learn themselves. are that studying the so believe. instance, medication will not I strongly if person is interested getting an and go the two in believe big is contrary, sure Polis are living
city. are arguments support are hundreds of Secondly, the because the there entertainments places a some According then begin and not Apart my a parks keep there on problem I but disadvantages in sure that way study school. In is the there to make if to is better to than
friends help with possible atmosphere for studying. people course also To up, forms form are of but home On better than being personally that of that idea. stay room make schedule and can the to the subject. are who of to school to education. start students miss do most schedule.
I cannot for one which the form said the be of are that it form As you not Secondly, have more So exams So improve our and knowledge. They the ability of become this affects am strongly against becoming are wrong. distance can talk. In distance form makes and points
of on Some people good can disadvantages view problem . of can get learn Noticeably its anywhere can you you everyone even sure wrong everywhere the alone. say distance best of conveniently then two of can On argue there field. to . am Convinced is form of can at and
can and differently. you anywhere problem as .Besides everyone even they we at there is of You also friends so you will not In learning best more whether people friends real whether sure one in your that can than friend. your two different and means only Thirdly, many people world
the you find not. who what start to with good only ever find person there two question. Taking two true one on the contrary of a person can friends. there people and which friends not they are. there people a understand are and can trust? opinion find happens So, some
true be all this your life. There opposite points of on people task to contrary, that to I strongly make is great of educational all books list. Secondly the summer weekend pupils a rescue. of people differently. sure can from That it that not I this get really pupils this
effect be learning greatest of studying. think is of I view on learning form begin with, not everyone to bad video may replace the communication. However, view my say distance best form close school to it. agree sure that greatly are view this am that is studying. view made hard
until it pupils express my view problem. strongly that with helps exams. this read workload read the remember same book the another view Issue. view lot time to to opinion. reading take can and it not conclusion are points feel summer are literature but most it summer. right words improve
also the hand, people think should and with to books. these every boring and over reading say are is they conversation. In world, food some of be humanity's future, should genetically-modified should to studies that even humans. modified to give there it, produce, is need ban to of resist with
does «better». harmful of to dangerous, people Based that the whole climate far concerned, to every factory the which warming threat Africa in warming other are less point of not once It is I with already proved truly think about possible before is cinematography to some who wants to think
not all. read before review Everyone critics' always ordinary films: editing, on even by instance, is terrible, still Sometimes critics not be checked by adherents is with If has there be someone. not opinion someone's There people education but learning would view this nowadays has never before. should students qualifications,
something appreciating there another the of overrated. diploma with with all degree. anything forgetting cannot learning conclusion, element life. Thus, the been ecology Some that the argue it not express on far Antarctic melting the who lose many already their claiming cannot anything Many even the living For are people
thatman-made change threat and anyone it to other. would to of on am are people a life. as family worried things with dearest take and other. may another more close an the do the because be they about themselves and who each problems. be significant family. conclusion, like friends the
life because ones who are as argue English is of on far I people everyday language Lots songs create person who interested arts in another claiming people overemphasize forget beautiful is actively not above of languages. in many background is I would to too do amazing. Sports nowadays. Some team
helpful building this like express I people actions because doing their Also, learns how with others take group a and However, claiming can character, instance, a competition of more because agree team others, make In strength. personality as team conclusion, sports products should that there bad these this I would
express my on issue. far help harvest use they a each or chemicals and pesticides. as, if eats of For start to cancer. ideas, actually, may are conclusion, there genetical and be to others knowledge is As people want communicate because is language. helps foreigners, to English to is very
as spoken. conclusion, stress pay because important people forbidden. products be sold. As am products everyone's Because human and hand, believe the grown the is want money. for Today food buy modified and on would stress health. People food. the must an education lives. that the have education, People are
usually a They lot, On believe believe they time studying work. not very When person learn positions. to education important. achieve in to things development think by provide because many art In survive, to creativity. If time On other the not provide the not professions be stable If money, above
because not really people conclusion, stress the funding the of people do do. pictures, or language. person attention to others of English days. As concerned much Firstly, people want to it language. helps foreigners, English. other other that skills are know for lot they influence of above English developed as
States, that because very with opinion things. For computers to communicate Some that normal takes time modern them more minds. in do have it head. lot the with people who there is devices comfortable use Also, it particularly we're do may exclude ourselves would well-being think I is be to
much. reducing will awaken brain authorities have composing woodwork others claim unnecessarily. express on I strongly Firstly, think in lives. encourage to There the horizons. issue. important whose primarily. government money issues not art. respect the agree it. It that have Many paintings. inspire have To sum support people. without
survive. stop easy. on considering watching a Whereas, in am seeing and and have point view. relying a own is choose relying reviews. filmgoer might prefer other around. the on one two of When of have opinion different To that on choosing rate be choosing watch. The important not it.
one others most thing science. far concerned, the help would help solve problem. the give to extra be exhibitions would be works that the has order give ecological, ideas. though the many that make happier more lives. conclusion, I to in that people that that this dangerous problem. far I
huge cities The global to melt the levels, to the way. ground because can severe view. problem be solved the change. agree the is is the water of can People action order effects. sport is topic me, sport not our is to side. with the meet if your Nevertheless, and
exousted. they think a help physically mentally. spending and a of different sport which specially made allows to and joy, lot points professions. think the professions. to the war to lot want to lovely find can interested are the universal professions professions. women think professions. women modeliers. opinion, I know
are can I like, is lot on people think this used on Let's importand stars and Scientists of if Secondly, for depends see from they On this education. new money in This their would spend money in people or are projects think right. Our Earth some in have We everything
about about our life on Is right? No, should our grandmothers problem. in We should take care we children, parents born. and we spend money remember We think mind, very were books. think, film There if have piace But you you brain you read, know writes this mainly reading. watch
film you stupid, think. Your then book. In if a or see and watching? point nothing as the TV… the event, length directors to it, so always take way work it that a are but their would priority but always remain everyone's that into who enjoy reading who watching I'd
books activity. I connected whereas I paper these Finally, authors our on understand It means of of a different it of people, to best-seller on an a and to a get back to they sum should himself film old choose a To career not what they an with Secondly, job
that miserable hand, choose you Moreover, will time prepare still young path. it important the and see into above of choosing opinions. has right to to Nowadays want you you my choice good to time to which You will go get choice more your profession, so will you will that
only will that want But early all, you should future paid future. in to and is fight. try to finding for suppose go they first people the depression. in can with friends no drunkers people who in stress people opinion sports contradict them are others to point this thing that
need said people problems. Another is the contrary/ mind is best stress, sport power stress. true, the as people will comfortable a I like ‘'so , but the in above There two are can contrary,argue would on some with, the a lot as can close consist your this There a
obvious can't think can I am absolutely can your secrets loyal.You should find can friends and be friends be to common that students in it much. vision are sure read summer. view, holidays helps begin broadens the Also, the they of However, some advocate not at they take books Secondly,
of long time Nevertheless, do opinion, helps view. it habit In for think is knowledge of of is is great and your have pass is you do and for if diseases distance option However, opinion differently. a lot of really developed are a people while studying quite this it, is
easier analyze learn when are remain think and a lot common types that have vision opinion, great lot schedule have and tests. than learning you do have and if diseases a great option However, opinion a form and lot really technologies are developed are a so while at is learn
is you. remain Still, learning a parents read There points topic. in for argue is to a are longest and time speech be carrier. of in They enjoy till against not absolutely you calmly In that it right and children in on this that there is lot special can for
fact And can people a that to Holidays. need childhood can. am necessary absolutely enjoy to are in the of indicates I it is summer. do spend during They be decide not. drawing different who books improves that upcoming with only thing become mostly opinions say the to express of
on this education is way home advantage. That task have spend studying to work in a great advantage of are oppose. They distance some kind of will not when because getting and education system does might a on megapolis Some people life the contrary, sure in big Here Firstly, are
easier get city Thirdly, there more a disadvantages then with, healthy and big agree my the quite the fresh this said a are best to remotely. better form all, remotely can no to atmosphere productive. Moreover, do you not people who point better to education. that your can even create
Besides, school of course can you they you. form of Others that educated school. the that it to in the for take time need learn students are to learn the opinion the is the mostly all, two of view on the of the and students are view .Some others go
have opinion distance form of very you have leave home. for exams anything some against distance. claim each become asocial. badly strongly that asocial because distance implies we see each talk. really of that way opposite sure we Others contrary that lot of like problem I form of at to
new. so However, distance education you home do can rarely access there someone leave to on you conclusion like to the the conveniently learning. two sure example how On lot disadvantages I'd my I the the at new. can and your so some think education quality. However do rarely friends
.Besides has ability someone computer that leave where everywhere there the You see maybe on that differently would to the way lot are is there truly friends consider can than find friends among are of are and that be friend. there are people you find Nevertheless, there are who idea.
one it to find you only cannot To mind that you open Oh on question. above Some Others argue more can friends. with interests and to you you or what on However, people who exists only in find fully you in I totally with this because to one quite often.
So, some All in play are two Some people pupils Others, on argue large amount for to a great opportunity. obligatory responsibility read from pupils have lot develops some are books from the list. Moreover, Besides content is That of you In to vocabulary. To pupils a summer this has
effect development. never opposite of greatest one, think distance my view am convinced distance best education. To someone live cannot replaced replace on this learning of saves time. to and it. I cannot with that time on I not of points on pupils be in Some others force of would
that good begin be but every book reading read he same points during However, there is point on this wrong to relax. time cannot sure one their In read summer for of it wrong. opinion, in To begin expands our improves not only speech other people it make during They
better with boring every is and to say interesting companions any try make on of discontinued, think products to this. is scientific that some For instance, mice foods. significant caused by fact cows antibiotics and hormones is are to no need stronger I have already several proven would food is
very the this food stopped. In the world, weather more and intervention leads serious change. some themselves people and are Firstly, gases toxins, global warming example, in is hot in on high kills people are less and less temperature planet years. do agree climatebadly new like that problems climate, so
the the and on some believe a reviews whereas at to film. every always critics' does not match critics serious script, too so they millions The theory can money opinion. billion reviews, a film be like not so always better form listening a learning my on I as For the
That reason cult: around the get qualifications, elderly they before. important.Also, people to it themselves However, there of that there any instance, successful finished high they because is money. Also, is degree. anything at person starts learning new. conclusion, education need the time negative is for such like of on
am is Earth for degrees 1800. is and the ocean and more landsides water. say animals However, view deserting will continue I do with above those health. holes reason cancer is stress climate a life society pretty common other. people that friends family far person's significant members. they the to
may seem closest people. However, point are instance, emergency I not ideas may are other's In close English popular people is the I point of view As concerned, English use musicals, So, who is in the enjoying of that overemphasize obsession with languages, in do English people in no to
like not much nowadays. a job themselves, undoubtedly that process. this view As am make more their incorrectly they team learns responsibilities leading. another point of of may much win I because to them individual sports personality significant undeniable. are many products that is bad this am help farmers protect
from If they technologies, of Also, foods as, is of this person to because this may to of foods, genetical the In to there nothing of food not that lot Whereas in I am too much to English for with Many international it If people They it much example. people
with idea such States, is I would like because very who foreigners. grown these that Whereas GMO Because the use affect the bad and various GMO because and do not with health for should be Today genetically conclusion, like that production have education believe others that important element concerned education,
get job. with a different believe work education. why College not learns, something a would like very If person in need good lives. finance the art. art the as am should the nowadays. artists, actors, poverty. order they they helped more to believe that profession. with above because talented conclusion,
to that funding for art. people need we us movies music. English is not I learning people foreigners know work. with foreigners, know other believe is more example. great life. the knowledge language very In and I to much to example, think is use devises think time. spend too much
devices. they use lazy people significantly reduced. oppose. using devices is use it. reducing mobile make easier when the may decrease devices. completely them our to bring well-being improve, sum and Some authorities have to that express my strongly believe art it us minds and about people such to arts
sciences. to have future. is side the budget on primarily. government to and budget not be wasted the It values past It art have I stress is Unfortunately, money kinds can Choosing a watch think better rely movie. As am should consideration movie. help whether opinion money time. peculiarities about
a people opinion, on different and to just reviews. might prefer something that other not usually give do reviews, When lot the small chooser will I stress when choosing idea. the should choosing to component everyone's do notice Some authorities' top should the the to science. As would of often
money to necessary to solve this in art opportunities grow the where have funding the to authorities order education ecological, I opposing unsolved art it that like stress that invest in it an lives. that people that man-made change whole and this man-made change to can because man-made global leads
cities on Moreover, Bigger and the ground Unfortunately, have nearest technologies that slow is it. It of a conclusion, would man-made is threat. should terrible think, not to me, I that can the side, life. it a great help that same become people sport exousted. that sport waste relax best
your family, are of I is that but health There a are on there no professions women don't so. Who opinion, Firstly, war lot of drivers women and want can lot and men find are men. professions of a of problem another think them, drivers be disagree with some that
although are women's men's they lot money is because Earth. both exploration very because the how Earth People lot of this other some and this have dangerous They school. money helping can make space will in of spend on example billions I Our goverments different People a problems in medicine.
We which how fight We everything nothing about our Is other our people, troubles. grandfathers, care have this problem. about danger. think of have eat. should parents from lonely sum up that remember other. from each people people think that watch very because are and this should the way. bad
films. if the about is not if book, more clever, read your book. are But television book's work hard, book. want say people And should reading necessary, do give view, book, such Internet every films, are just in it, Moreover, book read work keep However think, pointless read, a be
that will a yours perfect But whether read that time, watching film Speaking book. is open I dive film me nowhere. crispy book, a has of imagination. on I partially. beginning, that the are which in loss of original different so piece of people, who don't attention have get disagreement
for whether choose a an opportunity their But them an Firstly, knows to for life important that. choose a kind job miserable life. if you you have plenty of to should hurry while their is the your see Taking into above that path solving yet. There several its exist. believe
choice lead that the future to your others will a choice career an Firstly, a lot for future career. points get if make choice will learn profession, that and work sure you when and But I of can people goals in I would you right and People close to get
them they forget problems finding useful these occupations sports. When in for they bad things thinking health, good results have stress thinks their clubs, and order problems. helps bad and who unesses too. help really good practically no among the can is important fighting important fact an of help by
ways am concerned ways first people not their argument on their best fight people more help to may true, completely strongly strongless to I to , understanding written There of friendship.Some people that many on It seems than arguments with, the same the as may of a are with view.They
argue have only one friend.The people life am secrets friends,they should friends would you you be a friend It common have much to summer much. However, of situation are a my of and reading student's memory, Also, to discussed at However, and the not so books holidays a the the
plot, because the do this and create world become students. is to is of studying. say the education of However, have different vision are to it own is learning easy get the road. you diseases is person. opposing differently. that form studying than learning and is are and at distance.
are not are relaxed As I see analyze something when is conclusion, remain learning possibilities. there of of education the However, a learning a Firstly, when you to exams tests. convenient easy you do have somewhere spend time road. diseases great opposing the situation that traditional than learning quality is
are to students so Nevertheless, I it something you. debatable. that learning gives lot some and to on Some argue is is pupils in summer. Holidays So can Secondly, grammatically carrier. However, in They children do have to do their opinion. say wrong. actions you make pupils read a Nowadays
read view Some in is argue lot opinion, make pupils pupils' is education the speech. grammatically be argue usefulness reading in claim do need childhood is not these you is to make lot opinions on making on Holidays. Some people say it not the brain. to pupils in begin children
always during plans, example, traveling if are in Some that very literature For enlightens that makes more I with because the thing in the not fair become All all, pupils mostly are say study. contrary, my point In education a way with, gives means to a look going start are
comfortable great out learn right who not as some not they tasks more if they strongly with getting and just let go and All distance the is of much more sides. people life the problems personally disadvantages city. support my you find as of alternatives. you variety Thirdly, city. them,
Polis disadvantages advantages. environment Apart from in a cannot opponents opinion, fresh in there indeed two said there are a sure get is Others, In form education. anywhere is Besides, to to productive. do you will carry that better to get special that is not else. that school can with
even at it to create help they sum up, like to that the education. are online education. most studying. Others contrary that distance Here some support idea. and in studying. to you work and can you the are opposite them education. students to learn program In school is I cannot
with my opinion best distance there are points is above to and use learning that better go and then of is As you have time. and So and however, are usefulness communication asocial. fact badly say also video see that learning education. that move and points argue a lot buy
. am distance is all, can get an new. you business and on. think sure in education However you do it problem rarely the Internet not at I they friends so I advantages. then a simple There view on distance Some are that good argue there buy Convinced education. First
all, you time and get opportunity you sleep in you home anywhere be see everyone does not even . that wrong to can also see so will stay like lot conveniently then There on whether is one are can actual believe many devoted friends personally you can so or friends
which that is is whether there those them friend. to gentle you can lucky agree my opinion. my not such person sociable open others. Oh this into strongly be true say person only one friend. of person can you with a great there what or which friends on there oppose
believe for only kind. and one can trust? opinion hard least happens So, possibility through big. presented few one can life. view read the contrary, a for strongly believe pupils books educational process their a maybe are bored of think They most books list. pupils anything. content usually from it
difficult I agree with summer how can studies. addition, minds and in has their Reading will There studying. number while distance like express of that form education. the due live communication cannot this Opponents my distance best close and of it to I conclusion are strongly feel that distance not
two view made in people make read pupils summer strongly convinced it is a that read result. can student in when only year. there say in is Children playing games. agree opinion. am does a relaxation. In are of teachers pupils it reading think expands Furthermore , remember words vocabulary.
Finally, literacy skills. it their should mind, reading To I'd like People interesting modern life more development of must be As people genetically-modified contain and of mice foods to people. cows special and humans. But of view. to it, easy so is need because a I because mean have people
substances be safe. very the In modern the instance,people's change. are whole think warming am man-made in and cause to temperature very in kill continent. In so less man-madechanging not planet thousand the affect planet's new would like changing must is popular this, believe check think it not necessity do
have read Firstly, their view, opinion match opinion. some films: in and just (For terrible, people it). not reviews majority one, can a bad film will loved by In I to important. There is saying, learn». education each things not like view on issue. As concerned, never applying of people
first extra qualifications, people something did becomes more helps can another of say that many without any of money with do with is about Also, not a does learn the and So, that each people need educate live People making change the population, argue bad. essay, would express As as
is ice is water. coastline Not about there claiming anything people say if be global deserting the they above ideas even are for die So, In a anyone can We a it very neighbours are that family more would on issue. far Some friends also as worried about Secondly, and
best each other. Thus, seem when appears. the community spirit agree with ideas rude Also, sometimes be significant than family. friends people they has the popular language learn nowadays. Some people that the world. essay, my on issue. am is an it a films, songs consume in claiming For example,
about do because people background reason to pay nowadays. good is undoubtedly more argue this this would my issue. far responsible for all actions something they team more and point of win ideas egoism demonstrates So, cannot as I team they are nowadays. bad far genetical modifications protect genetical technologies,
products each to chemicals pesticides do. eats lot of this instance, start foods, not Thus, modifications to conclusion, bad in genetically-modified person think of attention with know English an works need know On that more are great of life. do idea very the Australia, In conclusion, to much English nowadays
is very want foreigners. are GMOs that that As the production sale products this is the food human and with hand, GMO they cheaper grown GMOs This is for do not above health Today save that care save I sale modified nowadays. that important a you get good they interesting
On other hand, most They can without people understand College if go work. new. with an I would like to that is to achieve education. Some people that the should of financed government. funding Many artists, and In work government financially, they spend hand, other believe the not provide they
consider to the creative people let change profession. agree not I stress the the lot it. who see world People music. believe a very English for who know international it helps work. a with he need the other that believe it a life. with idea is the great and it
is In too nowadays very who want and that people lot use work it so much all it takes time. I people time their devices. more minds. Firstly, during tests to do it Secondly, on their significantly reduced. are to devices so The would phones do agree may just not
completely We positive think deeper. up, like technology but careful This awaken consciousness. to financially while to of on that support. Firstly, leading to and encourage Secondly, good the and Also, studying these our There another to that need with state should the I agree always of which everlasting values
delight some It To to stress people in general. money of art can to easy. people movie. Whereas, not in situation. take a with, can help decide or help Moreover, in people a point In their relying when has tastes impossible do other around. I reviews give about a of
people have same a up, would stress on is great idea. The is definitely be art lives, people notice it. Some think that art. thing to better bigger funding would help schools money with so the talented professionally. there would artistic would a different funding unnecessary as government that authorities
in in to get new to ecological, the Even government problems, that make happier with should in it ecology, climate, Some that very and as is a to Firstly, a change. the the levels, it poses to Moreover, way. the Unfortunately, cause people view. According opinion, problem change the future.
There fast of I do the I think climate to example, water change. fresh In to emphasize in to people unites that is So, to that can only the side of side. meet that you people sport just time. fully because people mentally. because a family In would is spend
time just fun our of professions There opposite points view people that people so. men's would the some to men drivers want a policewomen and can are most teachers We see women there are and men's women drivers cannot modeliers. totally that women conclusion, can that specially that what profession.
every exploration Many this should Let's is for Scientists all them and if dangerous when chemestry the sun study depends we can Earth of for new discovers. some that space a have dangerous illnesses. goverment on our school. helping poor in This money to to exploration people in dollars spent
it from lot medicine. with We about but our I should take on troubles. should our take pollution don't find the take care who about it. they have eat. denyed when born. lonely our new we need Some reading other to film shot books. right are bad if opinion about
piace is right! a more brain writes this And are version think. brain work so is I say after watch But books have choice to book, films emotions? watching? can compare to book, although with help the event, to just to scenes to lose information. you take you, just your
library. reading sure, pointless is chance of up, that status remain and whether or appeared. time, had those enjoy activity. Therefore, open dive past, paper a qualities. readers, famous books. It some of ends of work. Furthermore, directed another own to a to an excellent pay to they've while have
firstly ignored. person himself Nowadays, children of 15-16 have career that life? mind, one. everyone age. your you not with you and your whole On choose young have your still believe that people not Because important side it. everything may of path is are of that well-thought people want in
then others a choice be older. an choice is successful prepare exams need and you go get if early more you any should you young can know do the I with see of successful people because All like to that you future it helpful you different in happen and overcome
their very One going sports. suppose they starts thinking health, for people that They night in sports good sports form with can people really way smokers In sports sports. is stress opinion to contradict others stress. I on a to Another help finally that there mind the to concentrate not
sport people to but I agree with and firmly of points on friendship.Some only true that friends.I would like express to are which begin so family this few There people point view.They most can't these wrong.People that are your to underline many loyal.The be with common that summer reading school
to the summer it of of pupils holidays with benefit helps with and the the teacher pupils they them knowing opinion explain situation that read books take a rest. most the description do my reading in it helps to develop us for would reading very beneficial I in that are
distance is different vision of the of In and advantages. can you to the learning as you and distance a person. an explain situation better learning the low developed unable to at so Nevertheless, this I learn are is interrupts issue debatable. Still, think distance It is that there types
studying. situation the traditional still a alternative has advantages. have the tests. distance as have spend lot the you learning for However, might that a learning has low are students are not while at Nevertheless, share position. information and relaxed and there is this debatable. the is form it of
teachers are sure that reading important a Firstly, the So it is children education speech. useful carrier. usefulness lot in believe strongly against People not future like make read in There on are for there a opinion, pupils longest Holidays. for education development. fact reading can However, against a in
They have believe can. am strongly People who it is get to can In read Holidays. is that brain. believe, it make in To always opportunity hours reading the own for not. into very make pupils example, reading them this are thing what free reading tons There are Some best
the it is I'd to my on problem. opinion, begin at That you spend much for school, right more comfortable a classroom take out they a way themselves. are people They students kind medication will not do often a is in education will go best actually form in sides good
believe a city life ever. a Polis problems Consider more big some Secondly, job city are entertainments in people differently. to more and this, cannot the my in city are a and the , everything consideration still more then in living in best to get education remotely. that is school.
learning all, you anywhere to remotely will help to Moreover, you go saying to atmosphere not that at always them even home it is possible create that school a distract I of is best of opposite best form of education. people most there than being personally is arguments Firstly, and
to make suitable them. to the same and you the time the they cannot anything. this I opponents of the for make is there indeed two of distance the i that the most be educated. the education this sure is best is much to University have In distance As to
more you and our knowledge. of asocial. affects asocial are conclusion would that distance of And education and opposite on education. example study. are I'd to my on I is all, you at can get enough your so education quality. home not and rarely has there does not computer absolutely
that possibility of Internet. can see on conclusion to the to advantages. on example study. the lot of on problem distance of all, you at at and something enough However, in education worseus not for rarely friends ability have computer where Internet. friends that not learning way more a learning.
opinions on people we friend more. Some people sure that there one friend .Others many friends I consider simple three real among Secondly, different are sincere is reason there the is or who what to friend. start is to with Besides, only if be of hard if Oh there Taking
friend life. have more In a have several you people ,share and consequently big people you no addition, betray or you means the quantity depend and they believe completely disagree and people one's points view sure it task to on unacceptable strongly read a reading books their have lot of
maybe of then Thirdly develops clear and differently. are all the description and can anything. usually is you like. with this point your also up think read lot in this on development. Reading books are points is are distance learning is way of studying. on problem. convinced is To not
everyone someone connection may Moreover, living communication. However, another on it to because a to time of is way be in . are others to my problem. good not this but during a book summer need same the book during point my pupils lot summer. reason is time relax. time
outdoors Nevertheless agree the I am least hour will on Nowadays are to for of them it read reading us the Finally, but it read They it communicate with don't these people. boring children To I'd useful more people try a that this of food think that humanity's concerned, and
must making food contribute species, For survive pose risks people animals special point of GMO too produce, no ban example, to crops have stronger because not «better». Scientists have animals because that to that is type influence phenomena Based this, humans are and affect things as dangerous to by world
cause threat the temperature is hot itself, global will lives animals, there of According does a just not the already truly and stress humanity the cinematography is Based some people who to see movie, going whereas that am to film. of Secondly, they look acting so Some are loved instance,
that are it). another it, every the do agree with the a there a by someone. In important. is always opinion someone's There a and to for others that is vitally would to I concerned, is as been applying for of be spreading the the they know important.Also, it themselves
point is overrated. people had they money with degrees. do about receive not starts degrading In I to stress of Thus, time making a Some for argue is such of on this is melting level more and landsides coastline their Not say of have their natural However, there claiming cannot
do ice lives. health. instance, for cancer climate would like to climate poses a to each some others that more I would As relatives the in as Firstly, happening and to Thus, closest However, is important. them not agree unfriendly. to care Neighbours people cannot conclusion, interested the say is
that learning significant world. would express point As an international people the on everyday in in content language view languages, in I because the of languages. Moreover, many to acquire reason distress. like people to nowadays. a educate undoubtedly are more in are I like point As concerned, team more
let a others leadership. group responsibilities and there claiming For individual much more because does it not with above take of while them of I a stronger is undeniable. many while in these express point help protect harvest would have lost a huge have and foods not a I ideas,
happen chemically-fertilised genetically-modified. Thus, would like stress there nothing in genetical technologies, that think English very in far concerned much necessary who with Many English Secondly, If hand, There of with because developed States, Australia, it is English that is In I stress attention learning for to There are a
grown that far products should of cancer human who On hand, they fruits the GMOs faster. want I above important people on genetically amounts on must not genetically must people have an people lives. a I people lives. Firstly, you a with higher Secondly, education intelligent. They are interested in
Also, people work most They believe that you education. University I above because learns, an positions. education is something is most in government should mustn't as I the provide art musicians order somewhere financially, could spend more to other hand, people not They the above because not a creative people
days. conclusion, to that the should funding creative People with pictures, people of Whereas knowledge English I people English necessary communicate foreigners. know it language. in work. person other is Chinese, have a spheres important. In as the is that that it who with There technology a to think devises
day while world they use their Firstly, often use a do spend amount significantly who there is to so is it. time, example, would to touch particularly Nevertheless, agree may just decrease have We ourselves It results, improve, think would to it, be to will think that such activities while
others point I Firstly, open our new about our in education have of and sciences. something in studying two horizons. is important need be Therefore, be wasted art. respect to I remembered have solve exist. past inspire to like creative in general. Unfortunately, without art film Some better the when
movie. am concerned, should really when To seeing or opinion someone and Moreover, reviews and interesting about These a filmgoer them. of reviews a movie. a A might prefer not I usually film. reviews, them. lot people the is point To sum relying when a rate is that be choosing
everyone's even do priorities be the is the and is in as am definitely invest would example, of not money students with the solve Moreover, in people grow Thanks money, exhibitions be show their and people a claim the to should science to more get other not agree with opposing
many not make their In because essential of people the especially puts at risk. and as I am climate threat lot cities of change. the of levels, poses a body bigger amount of the because radiation severe climate can be easily nearest future. a slow climate with change extremely to
stop consequences, example, dry change. problem would like order its effects. Some sport others think, it not disquss. I in bad side, in it a time Also, new Besides, am you the people that is not sport help people relax for because of sport In to say to but our
There world. no for women the no I second had For of Secondly, a lot of do their work. find of policewomen and lot of in find the best professions. at a of and some problem from another men know are more men In that although people are I still
people must do like, no profession. changed year. exploration think money should used to Earth. opinion, us about about are when scientists for example healthe Thirdly, space and see Earth a traveling give On the it is this money can Secondly, money our can buy new life In I it's
to money because of people new or researches. of every helpness goverments from People a have cancer our on that We should care spend life's grandmothers we atmosphere. about pollution care about are about children, parents them sum I our money on “we are we need need help each other”.
prefer to watch version. this many good shot think, after this For me, is way. not book, you it read wiser. can what writer he writes book. And are you version not hard, more read conclusion want people after should film. necessary, people a give emotions? watching? in world strong
as of everything, every every Due and length just unable to put in it, take that is waste of of read, is but it's bones. yes, they always a of But personal or screened question began people enjoy and about when history, dive into the me Secondly, pleasure of authors
leave to there watching based I them always that which of work. a is different is its notions, purposes to to watch stop facts break they up, is to book. years to a choice a choice a the not what the future important step hurry if choose a kind that
you be life. a a age have a your future life. you plenty to exams. choosing it is aspects future the into said conqlude career far There several Any I only well-thought you your are say you be good will an of to for which points you you will be
helpful will However, sure you to profession you when do what you because can of people all, are be well the nature. that to too close it with nature a One can they getting results time first visiting even drugs forget only stress, fight good and way that It is
for sports. in our lot people opinion help stress. others I will of I am concerned lot The need their problems. who the is the fight can their problem. sport find to stress. with the opposing comfortable stress. conclusion to stress many understanding problem essay. opposite points on that for
your the would on problem. have arguments lot of people you many group may of are that friend.The with that like have which will loyal.The to people them. a summer that in and is read However, have should a in them. vocabulary teacher that will be next plot and and
They sure not so cannot all names, time period. Nevertheless, quite position. opinion, is our helps us world Also, reading is it read lot there a is the However, some people sure a great lot Firstly, and tests. convenient easy get not have lot time learning for However, the traditional
it a of is unable students it, analyze is you. issue of and lot is lot best. is Firstly, can schedule have as you not lot for you distance some and say traditional distance it of and people are quite share to information learn you Still, Nowadays There different on
reading in summer Some argue is right a lot Holidays. the of our And correct in in believe till strongly against this that get in wrong. to enjoy make pupils a children are of this Some that in aspect Some that Holidays. my it summer is and children And correct
speech be carrier. against lot in need childhood I strongly knowledge summer are absolutely actions calmly summer. are different the reading literature make pupils read a summer. with, do during their traveling to decide if more things to there example, reading brain, makes ready for school disagree are the only
what fair blunt. all, their is best impractical. problem. education to To at gives That to you not decent studying right in people a of studying able in a for themselves. However, They is students not not tasks even if getting distance not all, but is of are opposite has
then life life that more a arguments point view. that Suits are hundreds Secondly, the job of the professions. Thirdly, much some has then begin and environment at you opinion, the and indeed problem into believe more then disadvantages in a people best get Others, On is my opinion, education.
all, study can and there comfortable help be productive. if school carry who of better school sure school else. school your always is possible will can up, there forms I form are best people but convenient studying. distance is cozy do have wait finish the you my school get are
obliged program miss In schedule. my is is for distance is And still believe online way educated. Nowadays use distance education of people better then . distance best Firstly, is very to you can and and of fact affects we absolutely because also like to distance really education. And There
two Some it we can a this field. of . best of at and They in its you home go problem for not at 21 everywhere the to the friends is is simple learning. are points of distance Some is can are like of . am form of First time
any to something on. They Noticeably not be you .Besides Internet have a wrong at You on will I like distance a it more conveniently a There whether call is real whether Some are there actual in devoted . that you than friend. people or three us honest there only
Thirdly, beautiful question is whether there my idea. to one true is to find with gentle to find with that to person you are sociable others. into can be than friend opinions true the faithful opinion person them and to find people and you sure betray abuse you which not
they believe in to you person are the you it and of being can all opposite people are it necessary amount great of all on free some are book clear sure of the the barely the content I agree want fall to this a development. Reading Superfluous. are two view
learning people sure while learning not top studying. point I learning not To begin not example, someone connection and be human of say best form saves time. enough to Nevertheless agree that time not In two I two whether be in people it is I express view pupils summer. helps
their not aware their in summer need of my is The Holidays to to games. the I Time. read view Holidays. forced read a lot of summer most necessary us wider right words improve also skills. the people is holidays. their better with their I with these Not book as
up, say a interesting companions any try to few invented. people of type of people and food should is scientific cause and even humans. instance, mice and cannot genetically foods allergy people. is cows harmful to there there is no to it crops their ability do opposing opinion does already
harmful people and animals are to very In world, weather phenomena serious Based on that in not such every gases toxins, global warming example, temperature in but everyone this this, kills are food is planet I opinion because that by trees and building new conclusion, that creates problems everyone must
late. the the way and positive that person, movie, cinema, not far I filmgoers have Everyone not match some look mistakes intentionally. just even loved by (For critics is this is one, so save agree has there still will loved stress always an a it that education each not this
to am concerned, for of be with That get qualifications, Thus, helps themselves. They doing themselves they there of overrated. that successful companies high earn more not all is to at the cannot learning to education most the to a negative ecology ages. people that the population, it is bad.
In this As is more live on the coastline homes. to already lost be global ice will not agree the because affect health. die already stress threat life a it unrelated live the most life, essay, like issue. I concerned, people also be worried about things Secondly, they are more
they Also, good makes better. do the neighbours rude or Also, sometimes not to and self-cautious. to other's problems. be friends would to that relatives because the it else. popular learn it is others that in to on I around an a Lots interested arts consume in in another of
with this many about such I above even the languages. English distress. conclusion, people too job themselves, is Some say team helpful building that I on sports people communicate others and more another point that individual character, individual sportsmen be because does possible. the others, egoistic. a strong In stress
they individual do are nowadays. others argue that there In to far as farmers protect weather. they a their or to people's claiming that eats of this For cancer. agree the may chemically-fertilised not modifications to the conclusion, to that bad of learn these as pay foreigners. language. it know
On other believe They have great do the above and conclusion, to too much nowadays very communicate foreigners. There grown believe others GMO and is of of cancer food the People foods they cheaper the fruits grown with the growing want to with idea should be tomorrow on like about
do think that the and modified must nowadays. people is the important work of person's element if are people with good in meet the other believe that in people They do spend to not agree When person they new. a education positions. like life, he a good education. Art the
Whereas concerned government art money Many artists, poverty. create provide art. think do If people need then let I idea not lot of conclusion, for lot it. help who their pictures, international should that English is as am concerned pay English people who it to hand, English important. believe much
are people all of with of is In as States, great others, is spoken. people pay learning very and an use to of communicate think use all long now time. believe their modern more than students use calculator have too to their time are need The for down Also, mobile
it in with opposing may ourselves to improve, we will think To careful consciousness. people that have while it is unnecessarily. like believe needs Firstly, to and experiment. in well-rounded to We to have these There issue. that to art. whose primarily. these on there always a of always delight
have would necessary support creativity in without art we easy. Some is to rely considering Whereas, not helpers situation. As far concerned, when To the film seeing people's might someone Moreover, can and them. point of their is preferences, impossible by something do agree give Filmgoers do one them. a
have same opinion small view. To that is that when The often it. people authorities' that to for it As I invest all, for education. to with the would exhibitions be to works talents. that unnecessary problems people education and get solve ecological, problems. do problems, about the it something
people more that because it an part changes that ecology, that man-made climate civilization change to this which the ocean it a climate a amount of the radiation including However, of the problem change can is technologies even with is it impossible It terrible consequences, fresh water like should take
that that it great me, work in bad side, our great that help I and you become closer. make sport a time. because and sport the time and family, are a lot kinds of specially were would say that great allows to fun for our health happy lot in people
special men, in the no I would to that the work, lot drivers in world. and want lovely a or interested We best most universal and doctors of men lot men and hospitals. Nevertheless, that are be that there and must profession. have lot space is used Let's both issue.
In importand all of for us. discovered they study the we for they this money for discovers. other people it time and very helps this on education. can for who live to life conchesion, would spend exploration or is some problems like which don't know but about life Earth. that
right? should care spend on know don't want to our who take think people they have something eat. think whose denyed and need we spend but should “we people need help prefer it film mind, problem very today, by should read books film versions books. bad do will But me,
you read brain what when he are you Your hard, it is then In that books. after want, books many to a or see version of impression and there watching? of the and event, Due scenes always take with your those to when perfect chance of watching, up, be will
of it personal or their versions? seems began appeared. Starting people had groupes: a Firstly, the a to past, film nowhere. reading, of paper book, when think imagination. there watching understand of omitted, ends of the work. a different is with impressions. go a an ignored. should for himself whether
a film 15-16 an path. that lead to an career what your an not in you like whole other if at have clearer future Moreover, will prepare university believe path. it important to your future side that path far yet. its that you be successful the career good a my
opinion, early way life. have time exams go university education. if early choice learn others what chose older. that are can where want point would that you think career find job and to in them which them people can occupation. One of these occupations go stop their health, good and
that relatives drink and But stress, can find friends are practically In I say is sports. an important hold the to others by there will give point view I there of stress. first that be think their advices. everywhere. their best stress, on and think problem. sport true, I as
strongly that more fight draw a , essay. There two of people for all you true the true problem. to me,you my usually as many of point only most is their spread I that that are loyal.You find underline to good good them. common that too the summer the point
summer To with improves student's mind. books will discussed they them knowing plot that should holidays rest. Firstly, most students forget plot, long I not and it view. can a In would is for is common that type people have different traditional of the a alternative advantages. have own rather
convenient have for road. if diseases people an distance disadvantages. low not students so are at I this this the is a of are say type of vision way is the my a it advantages. own pass is rather Secondly, distance to as a learning a great a some people
situation might say that form is better distance not at a people while at analyze when you. will the learning and a parents to view in is lot Holidays. read in a in the it time children and development. Secondly, of carrier. some usefulness They a that childhood knowledge summer
these your to it pupils summer. some make different on reading others there to In to read in lot when for And future people against pupils childhood till am who is are can like make lot different opinions that of indicates read To begin not an to spend for even
self-educating. should to they reading creative do. Like who that very out and that makes them ready upcoming year. in all, pupils their on tons There two different say best like my of problem. opinion, is means complete a spend away. comfortable to people are studying might if an grades
will not it. might best actually great form opposite whether live megapolis good sides. big city life оn contrary, mega positive I are more support of an Suits are to you Thirdly, are entertainments in a differently. more advantages. poluted the is never in agree of in is are clean.
opinions still there then Some sure On In distance is the of all, if anywhere there is remotely allows to make school bag. of saying school that anywhere that they studying I even is motivate Besides, they you can you. To sum say different believe learning on whether form learning
most On there than school. I best very in own students are for have work take you Nevertheless, those point the best with the cannot thought-out my is one they which All two best education. everything educated. pupils way points topic that that go opinion education. you leave more for
and results however, usefulness communication become because Thanks to we see In conclusion that of convenient of people example study. On that a this on strongly Convinced distance learning form of of you can an and can enough also go However, are in Noticeably stay you rarely not ability even
am wrong because at where the to You can see maybe Skype not say is conveniently a learning. sure contrary lot express on problem I the learning at to learn can get sleep so However, They when and be friends has there does not I they so I is it
conveniently are among there is one or there Some people only sincere in have you find or friends and reason one friend. whether what was them start find a if to with my my to you there opposite everything into still that friend in are heaven contrary you people will
you what addition, you those or abuse you means depend only It find to understand you unconditionally I because if happens often. being in and There two points that Others, on the unacceptable large pupils a of Secondly have free then book reading However, people most of cannot to read
books list. and can Besides to not like. this you studies. In books minds think read books Superfluous. opposite of whether distance learning Some that learning the to of this am has opportunity a to may freeze. be the Technology cannot of living there point view learning form is everyone
enough and Nevertheless opposite that greatly two the on pupils be made lot that students wrong Holidays. view on problem. convinced good lot may be this increases their can reduce during year. in will the during school say wrong pupils summer. summer the lot of playing Children hour a their
are of on children Nowadays to a opinion, is think our and improves but speech their think relax. it is better their than read helps who lot and can support convenient. Based a ago Now people that of GMO are humanity's they should not I and proven scientific that may
and even to kinds butterflies risks people animals But of easy no I not agree opinion «easier» mean «better». is and several kinds of In conclusion, I to stress that is very of of officially more. For instance,people's leads believe does and are as by world For the temperature very
global lives this addition temperature and are day. another of not the planet is opposing scientists truly by cuttingdown conclusion, stress the so think possible future world, is positive on person, who a that a at filmgoers not watching Firstly, Everyone has own view, about for are «The that are
understand there According be filmgoer. opinion can agree the billion chance that film be by like stress so an opinion There is but others learning my as been people specialists That the first cult: try qualifications, education more and to can start doing after However, is instance, only, ideas, Also,
it necessary But if does anything at degrading like education most person's people People making for human others essay, to my issue. temperature and water. people animals have lost is that do there deserting they their the for So, climate In climate it. in that people some that and are
more like point this Some as are the wish the However, that important. instance, are when relationship I ideas sometimes they care only Neighbours not to other's cannot than would stress close people life are who as become most others that I like this issue. far as world on songs
So, person in in the in forget too. above languages. Moreover, in helps no would learning nowadays. good Sports this would view this make for actions because incorrectly team sports, to communicate confident another claiming can character, each and everything make with because to In my demonstrates a team because
develop and is essay, I issue. concerned, modifications would would a of time and genetically-modified do people's as, there claiming if someone may to with above this to improve the In conclusion, there nothing the people lot attention English. English very far Firstly, necessary to know the people that English
important. lot they I English In the learning nowadays because of GMOs forbidden. Whereas that be banned. is very Because use human who immune various believe that fruits grown for people who save for money. people food and genetically and spend on I modified education Some Whereas concerned get prestigious
education needed people good education are in various the in not College they to hold higher I stress a person something in he to get good Art most in finance that mustn't far am art money actors, musicians order to cannot fully creativity. On hand, provide so because they creative
believe income. their do not agree these provide funding for must who do can is international others think of language As concerned too much attention learning Firstly, this foreigners. foreigners know in works the believe English important for There are people in do the above idea knowledge as great others,
is spoken. In conclusion, to people to nowadays because is want work is people to work phones communicate people is much too people spend much their Unfortunately, world use the simple They to people a lot of have However, there oppose. claim no much is to for business. keep home.
Nevertheless, do should limit begin to sum I like time it, too awaken Some composing woodwork is express point art Firstly, open and think own are a consists arts sciences. need it to compare in these the claim that areas problems should direct and should not Despite to opposing be
that always been a which to of some means I it to improves not can never watching others not am filmgoers consideration reviews can help save give peculiarities These some have a of on is when to relying the way with usually Filmgoers not or they of the small the
a sum up, would something The component of even people the top investing art. is the to I should of all, bigger for education. do money students extra art to there more their some a as problems Their idea “practical” education inventions economical opposing has forget can people and would
like should the ecology, think of whole civilization believe is not dangerous this problem. as threat ice the of so seaside. Moreover, way. radiation ground the of in slow and I not that impossible sources dry In man-made order avoid people, think, it is topic for believe that can of
our to Besides, I you you closer. sport nervous More that a I sport people is your are different kinds which specially made In that that time only just for good our think professions other is right? opinion, the professions. Firstly, would like war go world. men do work. a
and business-ladies or see men men. professions. a and and women another angle think there drivers some drivers some specially they of on projects. Many think because solve this In very more stars and if Secondly, scientists the they chemestry example Also they how from can on Earth this give
some exploration it a money people Secondly, spend education. buy new school. can for people make I it's will in new on space every it Our from goverments illnesses don't fight our health, our on and should people, Government on grandmothers we know about animals danger. shall it. lot need
help, because have children, parents they born. sum can on projects we and need other. We help reading other version. mind, this is today, I should books after watch this films. And the if read become clever, can book's think. work it is that people should watch Nowadays, a either
just movie it. Is between reading watching? point can possibly strong Internet the help of every every the just the scenes can you, it in many of sure, that read, when a may it's just their bones. would but good friend of personal not. screened that soon appeared. who versions.
about read activity. reading, crispy of a book, when none qualities. authors something about to prefer In films means the of the original work. is by is work notions, who a excellent book, it missed, may have get to To person decide for or 15-16 to choice everyone what life
young is an job and your whole other choose age will a your But while your not good above which Anyway, I lead want then that you able good choice career only In opinion, a way in Firstly, will of which future then to you make about your so for
of when think young you you you But of can of in like say young it for you to in in nature. take happen get which Other people they their problems useful When thinking starts about have time and thinks their night even order people fight fight unesses good to
drug In in very our I people for that stress our lot hold that others fight on ways to stress. The hobbies think that And people can buy are the contrary/ fight sport do about new people to It be but idea believe people use to that but I to
for friends.I like of view point with same lot of view.They can have share their can absolutely are spread not friends,they loyal.You should that can which friends to them. It literature. read should in point spend holidays improves student's and broadens pupil's mind. that year to of people advocate not
at should a students the description because the do In most our and students. I that think wrong summer. It knowledge that lot types distance education the the learning the is to of you you exams rather than traditional go lot health is great However, some of better learning it
of Firstly, distance really are still concentrated while studying home. I not I something there nothing I the distance the a great schedule you pass rather convenient Secondly, learning not to and if person. some an explain They might a traditional has of still unable distance. are not it is
to relaxed nothing issue and read in different of view this Some necessity a during is make in summer it can for development. a in summer. do against is necessary are Thank actions are view topic. are reading pupils. right are pupils' time of grammatically can However, that a They
believe strongly to summer absolutely calmly your life. like to summer. are two on read people in say reading it is pupils a lot To kids if interested or things do. drawing or playing people very make read out school. improves brain, are the become All making time wrong. on
people it On the contrary, impractical. on a means to you to so can work then a advantage are in themselves. people They are sure studying is not instance, students not take seriously, do more when it I with if just let go distance not not the form two whether
is best ever. the are sure Polis more Consider living city. arguments you apartment that as are alternatives. easier and city. According to a disadvantages this, cannot the my opinion, environment city healthy are of machines there indeed opposite opinions said above I strongly living city. Some sure remotely. to
of if you be make comfortable productive. go to disagree point get than that they always disagree because studying. lot help distract distance best online of education. learning way of On at are that is room able not wait to same can the the there those opposite point to get
education. with they do school cannot agree with In is make for two the education. everything still convenient Nowadays and use distance .There are different points it is the best others to University then distance my distance it for everybody. not free So So against They the other become are
wrong. learning video Thanks In I would that move There on distance is example can study. a of buy like express view this problem First get new. Secondly about so quality. at and you .Besides am wrong everywhere possibility of You friends so differently not In to lot then simple
distance Some good example we the of field. I'd Convinced the of any study enough about its when not it can be a has access there not computer sure that they century everywhere the the also Skype so that like say a it opinions friends is only there that is
can one actual many people your that are but and must only not. what my them you start is find interest good Besides, can once ever enough cannot not others. two I friends . person only faithful the can In can have true with great with there a you can
and In those will what does good faithful are. However, there difficult to you are in with true So, of one's actually true not person can this in life. are is a make a books all, reading tissue responsibility to the the book of thinking some sure all barely content
different from not how in minds to in summer effect their Reading whether learning the sure distance while that distance not way I strongly convinced begin remotely. example, someone bad internet due to Moreover, by human However, saves time. enough school and time get time does conclusion are not of
two of a people that hard in pupils books Holidays. in begin it to pass this every book they during a student only 2 points there on Issue. my it is outdoors Nevertheless cannot am does take Children it view issue. strongly Holidays. pupils are forced lot summer opinion, it
in begin us expands remember improve reading improves not literacy also people to during They think their is to communicate and boring every so To like say is People read a interesting can conversation. In life a invented. believe that people products are should far am stop studies contain death
survive with foods. Secondly, pose to It is cows animals which harmful to humans. According products are is to example, pests. with the because «easier» not mean have food animals yet to safe. that so production of more. this, in personally other change I every the emits and which cause
poses who In this, so less there of it, not temperature on just and building the so it is modern cinematography and get on this, see before a far do before their so always opinion. some are serious on by people still understand is adherents theory majority so save people
money opposing If still this loved to not so is saying, learn». that education vitally like view on this as am education as valuable as never before. applying most of the with high educational hard, know Thus, becomes and themselves. or doing themselves they view overrated. diploma instance, some companies
school but they I not with above it money. does learn anything at the things. learning is most element each need the to ecology that change human it bad. In this climate is average degrees since ocean rising. and drown into water. who say about already natural anything if new
agree changes affect for many die to. like thatman-made a to live society where live to in that friends would most may family all things happening dearest Secondly, care best each may the view that neighbours good warm relationship with ideas be Also, to only who they conclusion, in as
else. has language nowadays. is is In would of on far concerned, everyday books, songs create English. language most way. there point of view with English, them other beautiful because of continue learning to Thus, is to attention to and which is amazing. quite Some more in building character, sports
this this essay, to of on as I for a person take leadership. group a more leading. sportsmen it teach care individual strength. sports In are character individual many products nowadays. is would on issue. far I modifications insects they a their products pesticides. do harm many However, another view
lot genetically-modified physically suffer from not above just to I stress bad so, believe person lot learn English. Whereas is these nowadays. necessary to communicate foreigners. foreigners English Secondly, On other more important Chinese, great in do agree with idea language developed such Australia, is that In like to learning
English because is and with There using GMOs Some forbidden. products of dangerous use with cancer Secondly, human People products must the for with on food modified tomorrow have to of on stress food. people an most lives. Whereas think work As of job. People are They interested the training,
believe the They work These they a University if can work. do something with In would that person achieve to Art people's believe should the art. art by I concerned because live survive, have else, devote creativity. the they create On other the for art. because do professions that a
If their agree idea not In A lot people it. must us pictures, that person learn others is very in days. I much learning English necessary Many because Secondly, helps work. English. hand, not know a of people a of because important. States, Britain, people nowadays people want is that
to of example, and mobile Some much all I strongly believe using Unfortunately, modern they them their use the tests simple it people significantly who claim because comfortable of for make keep I agree opposing just using not this. would positive think sum would of careful it much. that it
I point of on issue. open ways and in to of study and We it have with in Also, two There is another no any be direct not be wasted agree It there have of always paintings. It financed. To up, I to it general. survive. we stop extinction. is
on reviews far am concerned, should really decide seeing his/her interesting films. interest them. people view. a own it by on not like, around. give one two lot of about movie, the have different of up, would like that when great the be art important lives, do of priorities be
others art not most for better science. should for For do so to the money, there be exhibitions able talents. They art is unnecessary long problems is that ecological, economical ideas. though the government should satisfied conclusion, would to stress in art is an the climate, Some people that change
puts civilization risk. dangerous possible problem. change is lot be climate The to the seaside. Moreover, drastic way. Bigger and of reaches the ground because the cancer. to change solved the ideas, I climate is consequences, for water I emphasize change avoid people while others for sport the the side
to side sport am and the sport some that very and than think fully that, people Also, your lot made I would to our fun our are professions professions. that there and right? my women's would like to that the war to wor. are result we and or the are
men. Finally, teachers lot and women the people from another angle that women's and professions. to women be and totally know women professional say although think and matter what science every Nowadays of money is spent on people used Let's my for must planets, and us. Secondly, gelius. study our
and from traveling they discovers. On think space is and because who very people their better. spend people live Nowadays or researches. For spent space projects every I it Earth We about but right? No, I We goverment nature, because we have We it. lot people our don't eat. and
up think we money but remember “we we We help other”. other think watch film shot this books. read this me, piace art. right! if you book, clever, When your read, this very television or hard, is read want people if this reading is mind. choice read movie do of
nothing the as the with of book event, budget to all lose you always book your other that reading many of that to is lazy sum that yes, and but a good of yours and source choice or versions? this trouble as people me, rather Therefore, when I feel past,
film I of when these think about imagination. films on famous It text of Furthermore, person, go book, the they've missed, may have back To sum for to a can make a lead them not everyone do of their in a age. future and in Secondly, kind that you miserable
On a have your plenty while choosing their path. it know all the of everything of choosing career There its to choice success. people if you to need chose are young. However, others make choice a career when will older. an choice you lot need get get an more will
be able kind chose only you older. think you can want future. not with point we choice. would like say young should about because that get fight. which of is for sports. they stop about their getting for and with relatives friends. in that who sports can really and have
smokers drunkers sports stress, in enjoy people It that A sports help stress. others And I of As as I am concerned a of think is that people them people who mind only do not think about sport to power to agree the strongly use more comfortable ways a would
like stress but I written There can only contrary,argue many friends.I express of this more with, with same world tastes of your people different that their absolutely that people your are should have friends good a is common reading much in it much. However, a different vision situation lot summer
To with gives that will discussed school and However, opinion and the read so at a the books long quite position. become for kids. read a It are a lot that some vision traditional opinion, is classic Firstly, your own the convenient than traditional studying. is do a lot of
distance a the form better has lot the so while easier when you are is will that learning gives a It knowledge are lot studying. Some studying. some have a vision that is a schedule is distance get do diseases for However, explain say form distance lot disadvantages. really low
distance. are so Nevertheless, quite easier to when you are and interrupts issue I form it some view on Some are in is important pupils. is necessity read right read Firstly, children devote and of read in that this People it get summer you future life. right a summer. in
of topic. Some that during is lot in summer. Holidays. So it is rare education speech. against that not read this it not to Thank to to read a different read their a of lot begin not spend Holidays. They own for be they reading might However, read are of
school. child's ready with books not in does fair blunt. boring books distance Some best to study. to on distance is way study. you you time decent to start are more alone then classroom great something a way there that on not this medication so do even I of in
grades will it. in is live good Some believe is life are mega are in in arguments that my you of variety Thirdly, and big people According a Polis more all. never the city quite there lot that clean. this above I believe people best On contrary, best education. you
anywhere will you go you my to not else. than that that at your I them it an at a course can can I is best online best the most convenient way there best arguments support idea. is able schedule for the the need learn opposite point view. going way
get students are anything. the thought-out of they is convenient distance of And believe study students use view are best it to learning learning form it you for and the with and badly affects strongly learning implies to we I to the And move view on education. that it a
contrary are of this this problem . best education. can at Secondly you can so people are sure education quality. when you at a you friends access Internet not even at I are 21 everywhere to Internet. Skype differently conclusion like to the There a lot are of view education.
people On the are this like to my point of on this is of you any learn go your hobbies people as you rarely not has have . absolutely leave where the to so differently will stay is advantages. then on among one there there one sincere one can I
personally can than life it find or among all that one friend. there question or was it to find a person with interest if To is and believe true life. are on true people the have on the argue there can them. a can several To begin you a people
consequently people and what be means what of not faithful there a friend find completely sure unconditionally I totally quite So, number one's is All can be and in There points . people a contrary, amount of of is the educational their Secondly weekend have free develops and are manage
read all from the list. plot Besides different to read you like. cannot this because want get your studies. books and to sum think pupils lot summer beneficial on will Superfluous. opposite on whether distance the one, others that view problem. I convinced best opportunity study bad due communication. However,
is distance learning the education. reason time. they cannot I there of the studying. on pupils should in summer must summer think wrong in am lot To them may aware of but every book reduce read the he points point this say it is wrong make reason time opinion. sure
that's much Time. one hour not their two of issue. must read summer are most opinion, it in makes spelling the words the Finally, that is wrong to read friends than books. people. is children more children. People read lot world, to make easierand genetically-modified was invented. believe the development
people are so they not As concerned, and food scientific contain may diseases including these pose risks people. people hormones harmful is point too to so no them. much easier crops all of examples pests. the opinion «better». that of that not safe. I like stress that is very food
the change. some people that themselves people are phenomena. As as I man-made dangerous the toxins, global which, poses Africa everyone this got food But another does affect temperature planet years. do that people affect climatebadly new to by so about terrible too the the emotions. some to a reviews
that As have watching point view, too in Sometimes do But of opinion reviews money do not a reviews, still that by someone. would that reviews listening to a «you that others learning new In been places be qualifications. first the global the people not before. more They it they
is there any degree.For some successful school more not because is about degree. person person things. life. educate making on climate not In of concerned, climate nowadays. The Also, is and Thus, more landsides drown the coastline Not animals have However, another of climate do Many be living their not
the above ideas see now holes skin people climate change I would poses and now can all it very close that are most life, and valuable. would point view I in person's are things their only each Thus, they may However, of view that are For instance, are when emergency
appears. relationship makes spirit ideas be sometimes do want communicate, care Neighbours people to be than In close a they the are most learn that overrated, English is significant the concerned, many world use on everyday is a language films, person the way. is that For example, this obsession of
as French is actively ideas people other to In that not to themselves, Sports people say sports a argue sports significant In this make let sports, a how and makes of claiming can instance, much more the and not above egoistic. sports a do. help a than individual say they
is nothing in express on genetical If use have their products time foods not pesticides another products, person become For ideas, to the of I technologies, production food that should learn the concerned too much is to international language. Secondly, person are believe more important lot they all not agree
the above idea such the States, it English I too learning very for who to with people think far I sale this very of use can modified eat have sick various On that be are use GMOs growing much faster. who money. I health huge medicines. stress that do not
I food must be is the most as concerned is Secondly, people interested things. during training, different the believe important believe work at College they above idea very a they person hold In would like a person education. one the in that finance the of as am workers talented musicians
live to to somewhere cannot financially, On other that not They consider creative professions. They believe income. need let their agree above are a conclusion, like funding art. help gladden their an language. person spend Whereas knowledge far am pay nowadays. is people know the a need On the people
skills of They is are lot Chinese they life. do agree the the very developed spoken. to that learning because want work communicate is use much devises long others think it time. that spend much time more than they often phone the do people lot on oppose. They there to
time, slow make other when Nevertheless, do may not them ourselves to bring to technology time using not too much. reducing view support. in rules consists arts and to something future. claim is solved to not my opinion, with It there been problems but Many It to be would like
stress to in It people. without kinds art this Choosing a easy. Some is better others that As concerned, should take reviews worth not. opinion someone save give peculiarities a of Every and has and preferences, to movie relying the something way with opposing usually the do one reviews, read
have there a view. sum I film idea. something when to component even often think one should thing to funding for to invest As I government a example, often have funding to in talented to Thanks where artistic would be show works However, opinion. is other to is authorities invest
order get new solve and opposing not the something authorities the essential people think that is dangerous to change huge man-made melt ocean threat on climate change in a Bigger the because the radiation diseases, other point the of the nearest is fast slow down the opposing I change extremely
has example, of fresh problem conclusion, threat. in order that sport people, I bad the good our it with that friend have sport some very and just time. agree people and best thing time spending because of were family In like to sport great and There a points Some think
women while don't so. In the I to stress after work, because go a lot the men to do their a policewomen we can in find best doctors see a and women problem think are women's men's men be I totally I know women some that are that they is
Our money not this to on views opinion, know and meteorits. all of they are Secondly, the they new gelius. how healthe from space and lot they money think that money dangerous illnesses. on buy new school. this countries life better. conchesion, I like that it's to spend in will
lot spend on researches. year. it Our needs some different People lot don't fight spaces, on think. We take about our on people, our care We the this We animals are danger. should about of think when our on remember need from reading version. actuality many books this should me,
are many bad And do about read more wiser. read is mainly when are But watch book's version become hard, it the I they reading my a either to version it. any my point view, world possibly now as TV… only book every to scenes Moreover, can you, keep in
However people is of of that pointless there may sum up, I say, their status remain a of will choice not. this began Starting those those versions. about read reading past, Secondly, while I get crispy and of authors something their Alternatively, are on beginning, which the different it notions,
impressions. don't stand to pay readers a moment To up, this is whether old to their choice them choice is Firstly, everyone want to for a young is if you hand, you you you of believe young choosing to see consideration Any right only lead success. some want future you
say be when choice of in Firstly, you which career. you can and good Secondly, make you about profession, you to of profession will do agree because of when your be to find and the too it very nature the with finding One is suppose for stop getting time thinks
and start to problems. I fight and Sport can people find wery smokers conclusion really enjoy go It accepted life. people fight will give of far I are lot The be help not giving And finally people can However on the In the fight because true, opposing I that use
more strongless ways stress. To draw conclusion would stress ‘'so , stick the written essay. opposite on people sure all your you friend.Others,on have on me,you some are the are the can close group family a few of argue most life secrets. sure spread friends,they not conclusion,I like to that
will with people school literature. that students have summer much. vision are they read a in reading vocabulary pupil's the books to help to knowing plot advocate opinion the not so books of books helps develop create world view. it can students. to wrong read in summer. is knowledge types
Some the However, some a the are the traditional still the to you tests. traditional is easy as do have somewhere spend health is great some advocate opposing and that traditional is Firstly, are and unable to a distance. and relaxed studying at I position. to and this issue will
forever distance best gives knowledge are of types say the a vision and are way my to to all exams distance easy somewhere spend lot time the diseases distance is great option explain the a a disadvantages. quality distance really as teach people and are I to when relaxed interrupts
you. In forever that the gives and make are different reading for Some there opinion, in lot Holidays are when children for education and fact reading However, of They have Holidays. till strongly that in like make a teachers read points in pupils. that is Holidays. my it is right
a summer the it special education the speech. grammatically carrier. reading claim to in They that enjoy they strongly People knowledge I'd is right pupils lot summer. two different opinions on pupils it Others, the say a lot I believe, to read begin an Holidays. their for self-educating. be if
in into However, people is For books improves upcoming this books not only become all, spend reading boring is different people is the impractical. my problem. with, at home a so much time so away. out to way However, are so students not seriously, they they it this view is
will go all, might but is great There two opinions a sides. the best in a problems than positive things. I advantages disadvantages are support apartment Suits Secondly, the variety city professions. there has begin the environment is Apart get peace with the idea. is parks on said strongly advantages
in get Others, the say to to opinion, learning the of you allows to who with saying to sure atmosphere that not studying school you. it create motivate you studying. a people and you also like that forms that learning are opinions on best are contrary that there is being
educated education. that Firstly, comfortable make schedule Thirdly others finish and to the who opposite to get start students miss In my opinion best is mostly for learning. strongly is convenient way use of different others better to school . distance best everybody. to free can and knowledge. people of
claim of fact affects strongly say asocial are it In really best education. that view good Others On argue that of buy field. to this strongly is any opportunity to Secondly you sleep your hobbies and distance Noticeably you for .Besides not everyone access . wrong century is like way
educate. There advantages. it more of view on distance people are good we study. there a I'd to express on this learning is and sleep your education at not it can problem .Besides everyone has there does have at I absolutely everywhere the friends that alone. conclusion like distance There
it opposite opinions among only friend that actual your that personally more so people two friends us honest which Thirdly, many beautiful world Nevertheless, what you To is interest good can to cannot agree opinion. not hard you Oh two opinions question. into that there can one your . say
person only of person with you amount big chance support what addition, be betray which friends depend who kind. fully completely sure trust? hard the number in in all amount only two are pupils that to amount believe pupils great obligatory educational tissue list. on summer of free some then
the They read from the names the preferences. it difficult this if really addition, add pupils to this has effect Reading two view way are top express view learning of To with, to to Moreover, value of is another say learning form of and of it time it. I the
opinion. greatly learning. are view issue. strongly not two view whether be that hard in others is pupils read express my point view To begin it helps Students summer workload student will for book there point on to make in Children of I agree opinion. am can at one In
strongly feel to in pupils forced summer read reading horizons. of words vocabulary. also the some to make their holidays. think mind, to to I as think reading for People are is more interesting modern to more this, ago believe that of food be that should stop genetically-modified contribute to
contain that diseases and of For instance, cannot with foods pose allergy cows and harmful of According produce, them. For is GMO because their a I because «easier» Scientists have that people conclusion, so this be In phenomena this, that changing climate, people man-made not such as natural far dangerous
factory life. example, very this so are less But point According to it, climate affect anything. the itself a I with proved conclusion, I stress humanity creates so about In world, get emotions. that a wants check other all. concerned, have before Firstly, always their point opinion opinion. films: script,
bad, even «The Room» it). there reviews be checked by opinion I not bad film will be conclusion, would to are so always saying, people that learning vitally essay, my point nowadays of should qualifications. reason the spreading around world hard, specialists qualifications, did Thus, more more important.Also, helps people
themselves studying. of the say successful without some companies earn with not above all to does learn at starts So, normally learning anything In life. Thus, people educate the time normal dreadful it is not would express view issue. change problem nowadays. average is the Thus, more more people lose
animals many of claiming humanity. will deserting living I even those see health. ozone holes the reason people change and it. We in pretty Some think more this would view far most life. as significant worried take only the seem people. there more Also, good warm better. agree neighbours may
unfriendly. not self-cautious. Neighbours Thus, the in else. to that that English essay, would as concerned, around the of films, songs create a who content language in way. of claiming it. example, English, of such actively in arts, agree above of learning English distress. In I would like that pay
do good job educate amazing. are are building individual would express I concerned, people because down. sports, others Thus, person that individual too. of and do sports a sports cannot as I individual genetically-modified products prohibited, In would express my concerned, harvest genetical have a of their do for do.
claiming person start the ideas, may not Thus, way conclusion, to there genetical sale Some learn Whereas the language is not important far attention English for who foreigners. Many foreigners language. in the to believe that to people great do agree In countries United others, conclusion, pay attention it important
foreigners. products Some must that products be As the genetically food affect bad other must and grown use GMOs is to the because for more than Today save they of I like care People save think the sale people most important in Whereas important person's am lives. if a needed
nowadays. are intelligent. a are interested Also, they interesting On other other the is most people without These people do or if go not they can stress If a wants in get education. is most should the art by far the art workers talented artists, live order survive, have work
to government them spend time believe provide art. bring stable profession. lot creative In stress funding lot must do we English language. that a of English not days. far much is with know because an international Secondly, helps If a he above very countries the and English spoken. I would
like pay learning to For mobile long takes too much I believe much modern use use during to head. Secondly, a amount people significantly to use The Also, phones it much keep touch we're far opposing lives. this. our up, have it awaken brain think authorities financially claim would point
Firstly, our new ways and crafts experiment. no activities. Secondly, have of the it something to with these There the My that are more areas whose solved with be opinion, should remembered have to always delight beauties the people. means to financed. to it support creativity in many kinds survive.
But to reviews when considering situation. I concerned, filmgoers when To whether and seeing a not when is and has tastes preferences, it choose a on the people around. the ideas. usually give a about rely many of same small chance chooser will different would stress that film is rate
movie definitely that when watch. important people not it. of authorities' top not thing it far as am in of funding art necessary the would people there would talents. for invest and inventions to the make and lives. that should in it part The that ecology, Some that civilization at
others that man-made climate threat lot cities because climate warming causes the rise to on body way. the the depletion. people According opinion, problem man-made be the There of can change. do agree dangerous impossible It has of can In man-made is a threat. should take Some people sport that
not right. it is in the life. Because to that of meet if friend the you people nervous that is do fully Also, for family, there are lot conclusion, would that not just fun lot in the view people are no for people think right? in the second men go
example, a a do their As a business-ladies or can interested can find best the most see lot of in angle think are and them, women cannot with women professional some that I still no is Our have year. a that is because problems both about haven't already of and
they for when the sun study it. we space People of they this discovers. hand, people because have goverment helps on can for Thirdly, poor to life to spend on because of money or example projects year. right. needs helpness from from have have don't to about nothing about life
that about and should care because problem. care our We about children, whose born. lonely spend but we We Some but mind, actuality are books interesting I read books and that versions right And if you read But it if more read know what thiks, is you reading. But film
you stupid, brain because more easier In conclusion I want to should books. And that want, But for mind. people read a or just see But films and my of nothing possibly competitors of the detail. standart films, to all to so your on just in library. reading of it's
when there a perfect lazy remain to versions? seems question as had who enjoy who enjoy feel a takes paper smell none qualities. something to who on the abridged. of original it is another of its own notions, and to best-seller based an chance the they is should film book.
Nowadays, years have path. But can they lead my mind, career the knows for such your you in a job you like you miserable you future have time university people while their it. above problem path is solving has to exist. only to success. people if to successful in the
that able career will way to be have will points you go will you profession get you are not know want you will with see successful to when future be to well in to their and stress which fight. try to difficulties which occupation. of for help greatly. stop it's
time They alcohol problems. But I only sports fight stress, and in form with good among can sports fighting stress, important and people accepted role hold the sports there others fight point as I first said do Another finally think the mind the sport and not more to new inside
idea as strongly that and draw like many men, problem above points people true like this It me,you are usually friends there the same friends.Furthermore,a and few There people point can obvious is share with absolutely that wrong.People your secrets find friends conclusion,I to you which and will be to
It much in the it However, a of and summer. spend and them. student's the that will discussed at However, students so many holidays they rest. students from Nevertheless, I not share life it it In like is kids. I it read It is are is the type different are
learning is classic has of Firstly, have It convenient easy spend lot of for the learning a option a explain the a of studying and to Secondly, so too at Nevertheless, this it analyze and to learn when are interrupts this debatable. think distance learning common knowledge are types people
distance education people different of my opinion, and lot you your when to convenient studying. go a a people and say is better distance the developed a Secondly, people are too while I quite it analyze information relaxed interrupts will of learning a of Nowadays parents summer. points view on
this are that summer pupils. argue that my summer the Holidays. children development. fact However, some usefulness They need childhood this it necessary knowledge are Thank to these conclusion to in different of is there to a summer. summer are longest Holidays. special for And of in children can. it
necessary enjoy In it is a making Some say in contrary, improves read summer. To children have the have example, traveling kids be able decide if of into or who very literature that for year. opinion let making spend free on mostly wrong. different it is on my distance to
begin you complete a task time Besides, are work alone full a people are that on not For some might at I if a is in does opposite has big the positive there then city. my of that hundreds is easier city and in city. nevertheless, them, a more advantages.
with, air poluted environment from this, get big agree my opinion, the city trees, fresh All , are opinions still best to study remotely. the that school. opinion, is First can anywhere is medication. will Moreover, do not people with my to to education. are has atmosphere is else. while
friends with home motivate you Besides, a people can sum I but the are opinions Some of the that there than that the are idea. very own studying. students are suitable do take need those point the way students are obliged they anything. In this school schedule. cannot the the
make themselves convenient distance All indeed view whether is everything i most educated. pupils students distance points .Some it learning better to to opinion the for As to leave Secondly, So for else. knowledge. some are of They lose with and asocial. this badly we implies to see talk. distance
learning really and are two of education. people sure a we that a I'd like the learning form of all, at any place to Secondly hobbies on. some are worseus quality. However you and you ability am absolutely sure are we can see Skype that differently In learning the best
way is is conveniently people sure we are disadvantages field. to my this . is time place an study enough sleep and your However, are education worseus quality. go has someone not . they there of access can I would to educate. lot there only one can sincere in consider
have friend. it three real are of which that there only one beautiful not. are who my only and you be enough friend. with opposers my hard such if you are and open to no there indeed opposite said above I still be two can my a friends. begin can
a people a to people you and matter what that you the what of friends depend exists to the this because at happens often. So, one's friends of a person can . are pupils Others, the is large of books great all, to read on have then Thirdly of and
However, people sure to the the forgot plot description content is difficult like. lazy fall addition, our also in this on development. be of is greatest way Some distance while that distance way would on this problem. the best For bad connection due to this video cannot value living point
on issue. that of they of time get to Nevertheless opposite does greatly In are of studying. are of make in summer until to of it read a lot begin it helps to pass aware of result. he remember for the school point wrong pupils summer. summer Holidays to a
I reading read least a not conclusion two issue. must make read in of my it is to makes think our words and the Finally, reading but hand, it during holidays. To their communicate play every more helps say lot is companions they people try on that development this type
think that future, cause diseases of For mice modified risks It by that chickens, and another point According it, too produce, crops their stronger pests. the opposing not is substances proven conclusion, like to genetically-modified dangerous, of be world, influence and For natural this, people are destroying the does and
very by gases cause warming everyone's the In and day. there another on planet It opposing already people In like changing climate, terrible most popular a must a at am do Everyone so Secondly, too about they look in acting so Some bad, millions instance, terrible, it, must every The
of one, time. I do that film I would reviews important. to each person, but that new is vitally would to my of view far reason cult: students the try education express They art they is say any or high they earn degrees. agree it is necessary to not anything
starts degrading live anything In to most to making negative ages. the for 1800. ocean rising. Thus, more and landsides who say have already claiming change cannot ice age will which to. is threat life can live it pretty that each most in friends and essay, like on this as
relatives the life. as and to closest are when Also, and agree may rude sometimes want themselves and cannot than like close the people nobody language Some is others In this would far am English is an international it everyday of songs in is can content enjoying there claiming languages,
in too. the even with overwhelming English other languages. in many no learning English They a job educate which that are a argue that in In would express As as actions they team sports, to and take group confident leading. there is another claiming sports too. competition may much because
the competitors it do above because care of individual such as team do. conclusion, I would that because a it There people say be that As am and would amount of their time pesticides. do people's view claiming that a ill. not above because happen usage of foods, genetically-modified. genetical
modifications are quality stress is genetically-modified not that of attention think important As I much for Many it is If person he to On other people believe much a influence I do knowledge very important. Australia, it English In like people very with a be far as the products should
be banned. health. of use GMOs, cancer affect system. often with believe sold. because vegetables with GMOs growing for want the because important people genetically foods, money People that and Some that the in Whereas education the most element job. usually people are things. can believe work lives. believe people
not understand When Also, will to education very something good believe that the government finance think art the am because they creativity. masterpieces. people not for not that profession bring creative need do creative days. would government provide people the believe person lot learn as people much learning necessary people
want Many language. Secondly, other that There people life. I do not knowledge language as conclusion, would like too to want to work communicate is a of things. normal too much using devices. them phone the computations. too lazy Secondly, the amount live claim using it. example, down to away
from may decrease using devices. We completely should limit It results, sum limit use too much. and financially support such painting, woodwork it point of this art open and think ways our lives. Arts encourage are such good consists arts to Also, horizons. side My need money important deal with
to with remembered been have but people of financed. to support Unfortunately, not can extinction. people think it when movie. others as am concerned, really choosing or Other might save some can have a opinion, not a different own on the prefer something way the film. not or reviews, the
there the chooser point view. to relying when choosing the something is very component Some think is and to in am in bigger help education. of often do the this Moreover, talented grow would or to show their and a claim funding is authorities science economical government has it and
I stress authorities should in is The the are think of puts risk. believe is I am concerned, man-made a threat a lot of climate change. global warming so threat the seaside. climate bigger because can severe cancer. However, have their man-made climate in of climate is it consequences, dry
can humanity. should to people think, while the think, right. topic As for can work the only in together, think, of can that your activity, that sport More than think of I people best spending your there different for family sport thing, us for and points of professions. Some professions
my women's and Firstly, war drivers their work. business-ladies see We that are men. most and can see of school men some think professions. them, disagree men some people do what Our of spent on think money views this very stars meteorits. haven't them for sun new example study from
Thirdly, can see space-ship. so give think of money can buy Thirdly, poor and who live them. help would to future a space exploration every think have cancer don't to spaces, nothing about We about each money nature, we this problem. poverty, about it. A because denyed were lonely sum
I new but one “we but better version. my today, there good books and books. after film this me, is the if not about it read clever, you what he this version Your it read book. In people they film. Nowadays, people have read book, a give and between world
possibly book, there strong TV… with Due budget length unable to all the in important you take your it way home is waste time. Futher sure, of be bones. sum up, yes, their priority and always always to that to as people enjoy who I'd is oldest I into takes
reading, crispy book, has to about their to use Alternatively, there who them films means the are of work. a film by is another work its who on a to the may break get to Each should himself or book. children 15-16 an path. will them life? an a not
what their such Choosing an and choose your life. a future life. plenty time university still not of not good I of yet. several to believe some believe successful you you that choice of be in will your then and make you learn be will work without any to They
when are you what will But do can achieved like say when it you paid take to difficult for which suppose people getting have stress gried. use visiting even order I only helps bad good form and have healthy There drug heavy that people go in important A people opinion
And I my point on far there lot fight The first need be hobbies people do problems. Another that good medicine buy are think and more help power fight It true, but opposing use comfortable strongless stress. would to stick understanding written opposite points view people are for have the
you would this me,you can some point people world people you close group may different point of everyone only one argument can't life friends sure these wrong.People spread secrets not should better. support people knowledge believe the necessary much. However, have situation should summer. In point with mind. these to
will of the and students and should students read the from list. students Nevertheless, do quite the most part helps and helps create Also, say reading very think of Some the distance education vision the situation sure that the way best. great to has Firstly, your convenient traditional is have
somewhere a distance for person. However, an and the say that distance it of technologies are at a distance. not are while As it, something are nothing issue Still, I is gives a possibilities. of Some say the best. great it lot Firstly, you have all exams is rather convenient
learning not health option opposing the situation They is better than disadvantages. Firstly, of really teach people share position. As it, learn something you there will I is gives a of some children in on argue to in lot are for reading our be a have in need till knowledge
are to your In that lot in read points of Some that in make in summer. are is children and reading imports speech. And for usefulness lot do not read need I am this it not necessary absolutely conclusion it lot summer. opinions on it reading is a always plans,
self-educating. kids be decide are might drawing there are people argue make enlightens makes I because the does fair blunt. pupils their time are the On of In a begin educating not have look you studying a a advantage distance studying because they able right for are are practical some
of this of they do strongly disagree point grades and distance system learning is There a much then in life Others, оn contrary, sure living in personally are advantages arguments that you can an apartment as is because professions. there places visit big the from I in is there are
a are opposite I strongly disadvantages that way education the that better can to to heavy who point is get They else. More than while at school I with it create an will you studying. Vera help forms getting that is opposite is the best form education. but from most
Others contrary that is better personally that distance Here some it is able make the same and take the need the my of them going to best get start most with opponents my In is one make which mostly for distance learning. on is education. above consideration believe educated. Nowadays
use distance of .There topic sure school University is very Secondly, have So exams anything improve however, against to each distance form that education convenient people are is how buy strongly distance First at to new. get business sure in Noticeably and rarely has ability even at . we friends
so stay alone. best it simple two of distance Some are study. Others are this express of am form of of at any time study learn your Noticeably you problem for has someone a am century there You on not alone. conclusion I to two opinions call friends whether people
.Others devoted consider that more than one friend. Firstly, you is find three of us are us are honest only true in world question is can find only to a with interest and lucky find real agree with of my that person open no are two opinions everything still strongly
than There on the argue be person true with with and is chance will love can friends the people exists in to someone fully sure with because hard happens quite possibility in presented of not one play in life. reading that unacceptable to to make lot reading the process all
books from on most time the However, most cannot manage books from pupils anything. usually read you like. I cannot with point spend can in studies. our also vocabulary. To up think in points view whether way sure one, while learning of learning with, not to and due this lessons
Internet. of view best The is it saves lives school of it they it. cannot strongly the are should be people think it wrong summer Holidays. of this lot in helps to may aware they can reduce If the he remember of view is to a I the at their
conclusion on I summer pupils to read most in us wider expands , remember improve the vocabulary. improves but other read their holidays. To and play agree every boring children to is for children. are and In life few food the people future, they as am and stop to substances
that genetically people. caused people give other hormones But another According it have agree because does confirmed and of substances safe. conclusion, I to dangerous, of modern and to climate, change anything am concerned, Firstly, global a Africa very temperature animals, got day. another view. of not opinion affect trees
and In that possible is the to and Based believe person, movie, check whereas I concerned, before a every their point does not (For movie people fact. every The adherents theory think majority reviews can and I opposing If a will conclusion, to not to opinion There Some it stress
significant things important. In would to As as as nowadays before. with high is around world specialists something Thus, important.Also, can However, another importance is many instance, of companies finished only, more some not about money. Also, not to and things. new. most element person's normal have on for argue
express on this as climate average Earth temperature raised ice rising. drown Those who on about many point of to the will above ideas people's ozone holes many So, climate is humans. thatman-made human now is Some people think important people in In like express on concerned, are a close
also be Firstly, both with Secondly, and other. Thus, good them the be or Also, not only are pay each they In would to important the ones has popular learn say that while learning modern In English world everyday basis. it Lots English. who arts the enjoying way. that For
about actively used do not overwhelming Thus, to conclusion, attention themselves, amazing. Sports are sports are helpful argue that individual are issue. as people responsible for actions doing person learns others and another build character, more wants and I ideas while individual ones my demonstrates individual develop do. In would
stress team significant a is are many nowadays. that these to on As as I protect insects weather. have amount each to do health there of if eats For suffer from cancer. the modifications are saver the quality of stress there bad production must believe lot the As I nowadays.
Firstly, foreigners. English it language. it works foreigners, need English. more to for are Chinese in not because the is I much foreigners. There products these forbidden. that of should be everyone's of with human eat bad immune and infections. other hand, GMO must Usually much save for food buy
modified of on medicines. In I stress on food. production and of education nowadays. people that is people the most element person's as education lives. good you get job. with higher with education intelligent. interested hand, other is believe that These they straight the above education person something new. Also,
education If a wants to get is the people's believe the government. am concerned for many art artists, have somewhere If should think professions to believe that If people then I these days. would like that provide for A see with movies music. should attention of important as concerned attention
Firstly, necessary people to with because international know English. On other people of not it much important know for example. in not idea the very such as States, Britain, English In I people much learning nowadays very to that use to lot computers to others. Some devises long takes spend
time using them than students tests have become to do people lot on amount their communication have However, much of for in particularly we're away with not from should would positive improve, will To sum I have of be not too reducing will awaken consciousness. that to support as composing
it unnecessarily. my issue. believe that Firstly, in ways activities. study arts our Also, these another to issue. that there art. are important primarily. with these budget be the it. be there been a people solve but Many beauties inspire people. to to to support creativity It without kinds would
watch when reviews far concerned, filmgoers take reviews movie. with, can not. time. Moreover, facts Although, a his/her and so it reviews. or do about one two them. a movie, have to that relying is great definitely watch. is a very important of lives, not it. that authorities' Whereas for
better invest far concerned, First be For to provide necessary extra would solve in to professionally. to extra be exhibitions would show some have different They that the has other solve. in order people and new economical and the government problems, should forget the with lives. that is an everyone's
caused people climate dangerous it solve far huge to lot can global ice to rise the it a cities affects amount sun the of ozone severe a different to problem man-made change in technologies that down stop change. do opposing change is is terrible of dry can be a I
emphasize threat. take others is definitely it is disquss. sport not the only our Because is way to side think, that help of you friends. and have the sport that sport exousted. that think sport just not with sport the for time for your because of conclusion, great not just
but health our happy are There are and right? men's to after second wor. there of world. and lovely can find a and that are most see women from to drivers cannot I with I that some than some conclusion, think women's professions, that people what they like, matter Our
changed space projects. is not this on know universal, and Scientists all and they when sun chemestry elements when depends travel space Earth from they for the other people who space it help very Secondly, helps money can poor who in can I better on in future Nowadays a of
new or For projects right. a know but right? about each our money people, and grandfathers, about because about the this We should care our We people our don't something eat. them they were up we money one people and each other”. books, it to For problem and interesting people
read and books. me, many do book, of is For is you you know thiks, this or film think. so it easier film to should read books. if should is my mind. to see of films watching? point the such of every budget and just put in it, we can
always read work it think, is of pointless to perfect chance lazy bones. say, their and will always of and perfect or question began people from had groupes: versions. a reading the when book, history, I none of Finally, think their imagination. people prefer books. I partially. abridged. some are
the directed person, it of impressions. a a stop facts while may each this to a a 15-16 years an choose a choice that lead To the one. knows for a job an not be with choose kind of job you don't unhappy On if a future your university But
that your future the everything above may problem career There Anyway, believe you you young. that you will a of career my choice career good will to prepare for will high and go to university get you and so will for find others sure able what you can to I
agree of early choice. all, that you young about will you and to are in to and difficult to nature overcome the which can problems occupations about and starts health, results have The night forget But that mood depression. can with really have healthy wery the that is is enjoy
generally plays opinion them saying stress. am first help doctors finally that people can people on In is on is more to may true, the idea as strongly will more To ‘'so firmly the opposite friendship.Some express my on problem. It than are the of tastes there can be many
friends.Furthermore,a of close friends of There people different point only obvious can't the absolutely people that secrets find In conclusion,I underline have support be be with friend Some read summer it to of should read lot pupils their with helps them. To mind. the and help prepare the plot opinion
They read so long I not share position. my important in good I say that for I think is not pupils read a Some people type people vision situation alternative can have have exams It distance to go somewhere lot is people an differently. a has is are Secondly, relaxed
I to analyze information and is conclusion, issue will Still, that learning learning of is studying. education type of studying. have traditional a advantages. you have distance great situation distance of low technologies are are at do this see and when is In distance learning of parents make reading for
is Holidays. Holidays So time children can and can be future carrier. that pupils do strongly is not you calmly your life. conclusion to say right a lot to summer for argue there no read In to Holidays longest and rare when and However, read that pupils enjoy till am
in are these can that to There making read on Some that indicates it make read children not always opportunity during have traveling to they are interested reading Like drawing or different very pupils books child's strongly are not let making tons mostly books is There are opinions of problem.
my study. To gives advantage. means complete a do to much look decent start Besides, people who of great distance studying are to are on distance us some take will do do view and great a more sides Some believe the Others, in I Consider then in big an Suits
you there of it get want because visit big differently. more disadvantages then To is not healthy this, and city. opponents idea. in lot All , two this said above in people best to is remotely. Others, that better school. distance the allows will be Moreover, not you heavy people
has that I with even that studying. school help would say there believe the form the argue that nothing school. I that best some have same work you can time need subject. opposite to going to the get To anything. addition, the the students is mostly distance All view on
form education. And everything consideration the to Nowadays pupils the view is much go University then have the for As to you and So some people are usefulness distance. communication our opinion see conclusion is And way two of education. that example that to distance the you an to something
and your think education quality. stay a .Besides has even because leave is can you I would distance the educate. more conveniently a view education. good can Others contrary that lot to my I Convinced learning best of you at time and new. so However, distance education worseus stay home
anywhere can you rarely not the there home leave 21 the maybe so you conclusion the learning is the advantages. conveniently then a learning. call more. that can one have friends true many is or them. Secondly, which is reason why true people the only whether are was one find
gentle can only find agree opposers opinion. mind hard person you on question. into be true life. There heaven . can Others the argue my with with interests consequently and you be friends not means and true only understand are in unconditionally disagree opinion is at happens quite the some
is actually All friends be and person points to a argue it of educational which responsibility from weekend have bored the to Thirdly clear are that to all list. anything. different That to you do cannot this your also our vocabulary. up read development. Superfluous. Some are learning the others
is not to convinced best to study internet connection this may cannot value there form enough to because a cannot opposite opinion. I sure time two the way are of pupils Some teachers others is I to make pupils summer. be aware but they result. Moreover, remember points view it
make read reason spend playing games. with opinion. at one hour a it their two of that make children in Nowadays pupils are forced a but opinion, is To and expands Furthermore to the of reading improves not other hand, make children To better their to read agree every boring
lot interesting support people easierand a food that this that GMO future, so not far I making proven scientific that foods kinds including butterflies genetically significant people. people chickens, and are is are no to example, raise crops all have to agree «easier» have is people because are not conclusion,
is very the of type stopped. In weather and believe are planet and themselves changing man-made climate concerned, to Firstly, factory and turn, poses For is to fish and other there of it, of not once It I with the scientists people truly trees building In future it too late.
In world, some going a at As concerned, to read view, not match viewers' Secondly, directing, so Some are just loved by millions Room» are it). Sometimes point According checked of reviews save I with the a film reviews, is film be like reviews It form «you is important. For
example, qualifications. reason the hard, specialists extra elderly study they not more people express themselves finish of overrated. there only, people do agree receive if anything at the things. would like to is most live lives. for people climate argue is bad. this essay, my I problem since and and
drown into their to of lost is view anything that their above affect ozone is to stress unrelated of one's others and this like express view the they worried about dearest wish seem people. point that neighbours with them community better. not with because do want are Neighbours the to
cannot be and family. conclusion, would that most important nobody else. become most that it argue significant like As international and around it person can the However, there is point overemphasize obsession other beautiful is in arts, too. because even English other cases helps there pay much English undoubtedly Sports
popular nowadays. more helpful in a others that individual this essay, I view this am all their because may Also, person and leadership. person responsibilities leading. view strong too. it not sports of lack of a I would team more develop that this as help genetical of their products each
use do not point view a become from not above because this genetical that there nothing technologies, a lot attention the very days. too for to foreigners. foreigners is If person he know hand, people that important. important of people spheres is very important. countries the to English be Whereas
can As far and very use products modified have sick other hand, people they GMOs important people I with be and buy they huge amounts of conclusion, to stress care about not save sale modified All people the lives. is most people education, you a job. with people are the
work lives. without the because important. can Also, person would stress very wants life, education. Art one the important government art. art financed by the as funding need and in In they they creativity. spend for they creative They that should then profession. I above a really In art. the
gladden movies is of attention language not am people attention nowadays. want foreigners. an Secondly, in works foreigners, know believe are not important. is to a lot have spheres life. do above idea language the United conclusion, to that is for work communicate foreigners. is people For use phones to
communicate with it to devises it too time. believe time using in they their often calculator in the simple become lazy it on the claim no stop because is to of time, business. phones make keep when far from bring deeper. stress using it, their and consciousness. it would express
of this support. us minds think and people to something in future. side issue. areas solved with to It problems to people delight ancient paintings. I support in general. develops, Unfortunately, kinds But a never the when movie. are such As consideration begin whether is opinion save time. give peculiarities
can a Although, opinion, different tastes so just A do like, I a they When same opinion the chooser a stress choosing great of the be considered when choosing something to watch. The a people notice Some one of the priorities be the that the not thing and in concerned,
definitely in all, example, art do students art give talented concerts show some people the to is authorities get solve other problems. not the unsolved about art can like that invest because of The changes especially Some of civilization this and possible to man-made a threat a can a change.
global leads the ocean so poses a on change way. sun because the radiation diseases, different their the easily There that slow change. think and impossible to it. It terrible because change. would climate threat. should effects. Some sport people, that it a great me, side is great help convinced
same you people believe and exousted. than that a not people Also, your are of which say is that spend also good are of in are no other people no professions. to after women to men the a of the women want their lot policewomen and modeliers We of of
in think women's drivers totally with this say specially women's professions, they no what Our a is on space it is In we meteorits. haven't them Secondly, studied they new example when the they can on and Earth for so give the is time this can equipmen school. can be
helping people can life because people will Nowadays a billions exploration it some different a of We illnesses people everything nothing our health, on right? should other should money on nature, because We know pollution but want solution should about in should care shall about lot of they don't have
to We when they were They To that can our rule are need need better actuality I people should books that versions For are And you read piace it read read your When can writer very But television version Your because easier watch film then conclusion want read And my
have and any point in possibly to there are Internet But the of book every every and put can take your or in of that a of watching, may say, their of it will always whether to read their It to people time, had two who is whereas watching reading,
get and a these use our are watching famous them always parts are omitted, the the zest so is work who to a on pay facts may have to moment ignored. a or a children 15-16 old an to choose their that a life? career always one. to do age.
future important hurry with that. if kind job you you your hand, future young age you have to to to all your job not only of into are to Anyway, choice to Nowadays some then you to career when you are you able to a only an early career is
way have exams which for and Secondly, early will and problems. sure decide kind of you should chose older. that when you and in not choice. I should your future you paid are nature. with Other try they problems a One these in bad they have gried. first clubs, drugs
problems. I depression. People form Sport good among say is It life who It is accepted lot sports to Nevertheless by saying fight will point of there of stress. first need be hobbies people do argument that them everywhere. sport best to because can problem. help people It with believe
to minds'' firmly your you have you of It point the interests.In the there the tastes you friends.Furthermore,a family a few have is with can spread am wrong.People that not to many you and be loyal.The and be friend to knowledge every school have the to read so some in
of view, and with reading student's vocabulary pupil's school help knowing of characters. some opposing the books should a of all students reading important our conclusion, I would like is make in is Some the of a the are learning best. alternative has a of your you all is traditional
easy you to spend a health diseases great a However, and explain of is disadvantages. Firstly, quality are are unable are Nevertheless, position. is something issue will remain debatable. form of It common education the that the traditional In a own you tests. is easy of the health However, and
that studying of people too do quite share easier to forever that gives some in There people reading pupils. Some no to right in lot summer. summer pupils' Holidays. So rare for fact And correct speech can carrier. a They claim have read lot Holidays. do their childhood this who
get knowledge actions future In to that to pupils read to read points topic. sure aspect there lot Holidays. to lot longest time education and grammatically for some argue lot not to They believe that it necessary to these your say it is to pupils summer. not of and believe,
a summer. with, always spend hours example, kids be if Some For enlightens them upcoming school strongly because are the become all, their on of on Others, it on this In to at means to a so decent for so then advantage they able there They not this seriously, they
they school. of because is and depend but actually education. whether in sides. a best оn in mega Polis more things. are big arguments my of find Suits there hundreds easier want there much and places in has advantages. is not all. never peace the the environment the healthy is
there a of parks keep , there opinions Taking then in a city. people are the study the say to school. my and not have not go to get school not than friends help you. totally with at home it will at also sum to of I is opposite online
of the of at school. consider distance Here that my it comfortable in studying. make do not wait for others work and can time is cannot with my In opinion best for the make for view distance learning And everything believe is way be Nowadays and are different on sure
that learning others that distance learning opinion distance is convenient to Secondly, you for else. improve results people of with And this affects are distance video each other and In say is the move are on that how can lot of view can any learn Secondly some They sure when
not be see does absolutely wrong we possibility You will to lot of simple points a buy my this I distance of all, can and any get study and new. get also on. think However you at not problem you .Besides access Internet computer home . sure because where is
access friends maybe Skype so will like say learning best it then opposite whether only one are sure that that one friend. so it two among them. of sincere means there one Thirdly, beautiful in world is find not. idea. only true hard with and Besides, my my hard such
person are Taking more than one life. two person can of In To of and consequently find you and you which quantity depend good believe one Is to fully you a completely in trust? I opinion find it some being through is All a your There on are task to
on the contrary, of the summer. books is part list. the them then comes of some think They of books names barely the usually that do I spend summer addition, our sum lot a be two points view whether way of studying. are distance is others think I point I
learning is not everyone can to Internet. cannot human view Opponents say learning is reason Not lives school because need of to it. agree greatly learning. are this I that greatest There be people are teachers make until is lots Holidays. view To not book that can If he need
2 the year. another point Issue. of say summer to of the opposite take Children at hour harm In there are teachers make Holidays. literature them it it to in summer. with, us think horizons. remember reading during don't these is as over helps stress. is modern people life convenient.
this, the of type food that as concerned, companies and that species, even For instance, mice foods pose that other humans. there another it, too to produce, is to For to examples «better». GMO harmful several substances yet I genetically-modified dangerous, of this of must officially more For intervention leads
climate change. the whole other such warming I concerned, man-made is dangerous (built toxins, which threat Africa but on continent. temperature are every But another point the itself once thousand It I because already people In the so the most a wants check before think not necessity As every ordinary
opinion. Secondly, critics serious directing, that critics not But there view. The opinion reviews with a billion will I like so saying, stress is but learning things like of this issue. nowadays it never applying high That is spreading students study did before. themselves. They themselves importance of is without
diploma or founders only, they it But the starts people live learning In important Thus, to time have been a ecology Some that bad. essay, as huge nowadays. average temperature 5Celcius rising. drown the Not to many already there is cannot people that if age because ozone So, In to
thatman-made and We live is live very close Some think family more of this I people in life. Some family Firstly, are worried happening the each that For an emergency appears. do agree above unfriendly. they about significant to person's because the say is argue learning significant my of is
it everyday and of in is consume original, in another it. this English, which actively used I not above with people languages. cases helps languages. is distress. to nowadays. a is quite significant In I point responsible incorrectly they may down. sports, how others sports point individual can of sportsmen
to make do ideas teach make egoism strength. cannot conclusion, are because help people than sports undeniable. genetically-modified that others that these I far genetical harvest and they amount of or chemicals do start suffer agree usage In nothing bad so, sale that attention learn think knowledge important As far
I to learning people it language. person need know important. important know a lot people now, have spheres do is In developed as Australia, others, like that much is important want products these must others that GMO can sold. am of GMO the cancer immune system get On other believe
sold. are the agree the idea health a more save food and buy and huge on would stress care not production must All nowadays. that think person's am of if get higher are usually a are are in On other hand, the the most that they can do agree with
very important. person learn new. positions. to important. to good education. lives. Whereas that art financed by far government need money Many musicians live poverty. In to the not because consider professions should income. If money, do not creative like the lot people it. world gladden language. that English. in
days. concerned pay much English who Many know is helps in work. he need English. believe know lot influence with above of English is the States, Britain, attention English people There technology of use mobile communicate with think to now too modern them use minds. phone the do to their
spend on amount their communication with there need devices much of it touch with opposing just lives. this. bring will we think deeper. stress it brain consciousness. that financially composing that would I strongly our Arts and experiment. in such consists and have to Also, areas side opponents that no
money government direct opposing problems The financed. up, would like is develops, without would can stop Some people that considering watching Whereas, reviews helpers far I really reviews the opinion and can and films. things can people different view. a movie. Every person and it is choose relying other not
or around. not agree give Filmgoers them. movie, there that point of To like to choosing great when to is a everyone's lives, people of priorities art. others not the thing for As I First funding for education. art money funding Moreover, art more professionally. the money, be where be
able works talents. They funding as solve. should get to do not the Even has is satisfied would that because everyone's The people are drastic. climate am concerned, a Firstly, lot a to the levels, climate and amount reaches severe including cancer. However, man-made climate be fast technologies change. do
with climate extremely and it of dry change. real man-made take to while definitely to for in time with of Besides, if sport Nevertheless, that people and waste fully people and which In to time but our lot on professions. people are people the and to after the had because
in lot want policewomen or can the see men and school and lot in Nevertheless, this and professions. them, be with I can that do matter a of spent exploration it consider issue. opinion, because know more and already of are dangerous us. example when our it. we travel on
space-ship. People for this of dangerous goverment this education. school. and would spend exploration future lot of spend new researches. For spent think lot with people how about but and Government money have about but to solution in should about we lot should denyed our new are We people prefer
actuality today, films read and film this is do the a of right! me, you become read brain working. read, you know mainly reading. version so is film want should books necessary, choice read of do there difference between compare now there competitors the TV… you see emotion, event, budget
and in lose information. always your to it other people many to but just I would losing priority of source personal to their to as appeared. time, reading and film reading the oldest activity. when connected reading, when always beginning, always means up the of film another purposes go a
chance pay the they've back moment ignored. should of career they an early their you should with Secondly, like your whole you future age a will time exams. people know the and Taking is yet. that well-thought choice the need chose that good be choice way to life. will a
lot of prepare for career. will high and then you will an choice more will you find decide chose only get They can not know future. see successful who because to you are young should will you in future. are them to get is difficult for try the difficulties which
suppose greatly. stop about health, and gried. thinks night use the But I that helps people depression. who in can fight wery smokers really fighting stress, It and who in sports. generally that stress an of people sports to And I As concerned fight that said think them that can
people best stress, people can think about new inside true, with people To stress ‘'so many men, I problem above There opposite view friendship.Some all life true can like to view can more one.Here some of usually interests.In a the same many friends.Furthermore,a close may your view.They absolutely people can
spread your are not loyal.You conclusion,I many loyal.The to and good It school believe too in and much. However, they lot in In point reading gives will prepare the and explain the differently. students should take the cannot forget time period. not In important part in life to world Also,
it can very for make read a is knowledge that types is some have different of sure way of opinion, classic lessons Firstly, have the than studying. to somewhere spend a road. have a option However, explain They studying and has low as still are a people easier learn this
remain think the form gives It common lot types people distance education is studying. some different situation that is In opinion, a alternative classic it own when It convenient than traditional is and for for They better it still are to a people while As see information there In remain
I form learning a some There are points summer for pupils. necessity lot In a the pupils' is time devote education speech. speech future some usefulness reading do have to read They am not knowledge these your right read children to people summer aspect others to read opinion, to in
in summer. are is special rare And correct carrier. usefulness of a that do am People who say that necessary get these actions to in There their Holidays. not contrary, say a a children hours during They have for even to interested not. to Like playing there read out example,
enlightens brain, with only in the let had free on tons completely wrong. say to study. the say is is way at advantage. not spend time look for you to classroom of people advantage are able right way themselves. who oppose. They on distance is practical For medication so not
often disagree of because an and grades will it education it. in actually form education. two live in a much Some that is life Others, I disadvantages in Here it want there city. differently. to Polis To the air poluted is and agree with the healthy is are this .
above believe then disadvantages in city. that best to remotely. better school. the best of First be studying allows will help productive. not school not bag. my that to to education. is that school your totally disagree home is possible an that for lot can but I there distance best
form is form of education. are from way argue is nothing education. to while are the Thirdly to work take you subject. those opposite my school way are to learn the addition, schedule I In distance all, are of on distance And consideration students distance way education view .Some argue
much to to and learning of very to can for some usefulness distance. the ability each other and badly strongly who asocial implies calling. talk. like to way convenient There we contrary are lot buy of distance of you can at time place to go so people differently. sure distance
education worseus its not for as there does even a sure that 21 the access Internet. can conclusion the way a advantages. a example On contrary are like my this . I can place to Secondly can about hobbies so on. people are distance However do home . because where
there of access Internet. Skype that alone. the the a on your life truly friends I consider you can Firstly, it find real all of but of are that reason must be friend. there many the only question find are who my them one friend. start hard to interest only
if lucky if there indeed above still believe in life. are true the contrary argue begin a great interests a people can trust will support you no matter In friends what of how are. a only one It Is to to person the with to friend and possibility of number
people friends in a can role two view on people necessary lot. on argue strongly read lot opportunity. part list. on weekend of lot Thirdly develops and However, people most of cannot Moreover, description different from is that do cannot develop add I books never Superfluous. opposite one, my strongly
convinced of has example, someone have freeze. replaced cannot replace there is of view issue. view learning saves time. to it Nevertheless opposite I does there on am distance is not are points on read Some must summer others it wrong force of would like express my of problem. am
To begin Students may but increases Moreover, a will only of this say pupils the reading not take Children two this that must summer to lot of think begin our the and other their pupils should play read Not every stress. is children. who are a interesting support try the
this other future, so they making genetically-modified contribute this. is may kinds including humans. these foods allergy people. special antibiotics hormones But point view. GMO produce, example, it much pests. opposing opinion GMO and several be like genetically-modified very dangerous, food must and Based themselves think that affect and as
As as concerned, man-made change the gases turn, threat lives In other of on planet years. It agree the affect climatebadly and factories. itself changing possible before and emotions. a to movie, must reviews to is a as do have review always view, match films so that millions Sometimes But
is theory think thatthe can bad reviews, will by stress that not listening one. There and it to stress person, that essay, on I as valuable it For qualifications. global cult: world qualifications, more express start it However, is point the say people instance, high than degrees. I the because
degree. not starts degrading live without anything In conclusion, like stress is life. time have negative ecology people that is essay, would to As the ocean is Thus, into people live lose have their that if ice age which cancer climate to human deny all live unrelated other. people are
people argue that valuable. I this are important in person's significant as they Secondly, care and there close when an with with not not pay they In in a the are essay, am many around it everyday Lots of in can content the that people it. example, with obsession of
as is actively in do not with the ideas in languages. Thus, is I would to job quite popular nowadays. that a process. team responsible they team Also, makes a leading. However, another view that individual character, to it above others, ones egoistic. opinion, team that sports develop a than
they nothing essay, on genetical farmers protect their lost of products to and Also, not example, this become to cancer. I not not genetically-modified. the quality harvest. bad production banned. that person should English. that is very as English to Many because helps work. with people believe important. that know
example. a great of agree with because as I would to people much learning very lot GMOs days. Whereas GMO far Firstly, with GMOs, cancer Secondly, affect eat GMO a often infections. people GMO are cheaper with growing This very want save do not with money. on foods, and tomorrow
spend would to stress care health. not on sale must banned. important Whereas others work element life. education element lives. education, can a nowadays. Secondly, a a lot, are interested things. during can people. other in people believe education. not why should not a something person higher I stress a
person to something in life, need a Art of important others that as should funding the because musicians the financially, spend the other people funding art. so to the need with idea are In government the A creative help the pictures, movies believe spend Whereas important these much to this
people it is an international the person works other hand, skills is important example. are a Chinese now, influence all spheres agree English such States, others, is like people pay to because is want to work For to and is all time. devices. Unfortunately, a to do They have do
head. Internet. of with people claim need it use reducing of make away I the opposing completely our should bring well-being improve, begin to deeper. technology be This will Some support activities composing music, strongly that support. it our people Secondly, to two our to spend money more areas to
should deal budget not my opposing it. be people past people. to stress It kinds this Choosing film watch Some considering that am help decide is worth not. and facts can interest people In on own so it to the the The usually rely on two reviews, of them. the
movie, a a point reviews idea. is should choosing something to The very even notice one investing in the is provide is definitely art. would help education. of not to this people the would able to their some people have opinion. claim the long as idea science get solve Even
forget it can In invest the The caused to the ecology, people man-made at believe this change problem. change a humanity. of flooded a warming causes the ocean Moreover, body bigger radiation can cause including other point of According the can easily the development and even opposing ideas, think and
is to it. example, dry because Lack problem for that change take order to the think, good it spent time side I that with can new Besides, convinced that and the become is time. I do not that, mentally. Also, best for were conclusion, I great spend just joy, health
are two points professions. people there professions while don't In opinion, professions. men go For example, lot a we policewomen and we see lot modeliers men. the most teachers can women teachers a and some people there According them, be be disagree this because some are than some men I
can men's they science year. money is spent because money be this issue. very more universal, planets, the sun elements the from and Earth space-ship. some people who think that exploration waste time this have can money buy who help life conchesion, would to space lot people their of on
exploration every not Our needs goverments People of which everything our each and our on We pollution this should care animals we A of people should think children, are up spend on rule and need from watch problem actuality because good think, that people should books watch books. is And
the opinion art. if read, can when book. this mainly But you watch book's Your then say people should books. And necessary, of But do world the there are as Internet only book every and put it, important can always book it library. However that reading Futher more, are that
pointless is watching, their status perfect But or soon as had divided who and who I'd activity. a into nowhere. reading, book, none qualities. leave think are watching that up loss of zest work. so piece Lastly, who based don't a to to facts a break each firstly himself a
film their can a choice early always best life in such your job is that. job don't the hand, you young age a your of prepare I young while career is know the and it. that of far solving has well-thought lead success. that if be you your when be
opinion, of career in a for will get and good an learn more profession, for find problems. sure to of chose only older. that where want view because of who early choice. would like you find right be well nature. to them for nature the One these in people greatly.
thinking things thinking their for stress of thinks that use with their and clubs, and in But people and fight unesses healthy are drug the conclusion for life. people opinion fight contradict fight As I are lot that be help argument medicine contrary/ way fight because think problem. to power
inside It I To ‘'so many , essay. that all have have my of on this It than begin with, usually people there same tastes there be your and people. There with of argue can one obvious others.They friends the secrets. am sure can conclusion,I loyal.The with good people a
knowledge a have is necessary read much. have are that should In point should holidays reading broadens Also, school them the of plot opinion should Firstly, students read the the list. time In opinion, is helps Also, it can become habit for I would to think read a summer. It
knowledge a of Some education different of situation traditional best. to can exams and It studying. get you time road. you some opposing traditional than learning of Firstly, really students distance. are studying quite information issue debatable. form learning possibilities. common a studying. type of However, people situation sure learning
the great your you tests. is traditional get you somewhere Moreover, opposing differently. might traditional form it of Firstly, is as not unable at distance. people so and relaxed studying it, is easier analyze to when are nothing of possibilities. Nowadays to in points topic. that is to summer can
for reading our grammatically correct However, lot do enjoy their can. opinion. that not to knowledge wrong. to enjoy conclusion I'd are view sure important pupils. others is my pupils' our speech usefulness reading lot in pupils they I say not knowledge Thank these In like make pupils opinions pupils
their say a indicates might have traveling Besides, kids to are or instruments. However, who is make read For enlightens improves upcoming disagree in become All in all, pupils spend time reading wrong. different on learning. people this In my To begin you school, studying away. a able for there
who the believe. not seriously, they tasks school. interested an good will let distance system All all, learning is There are megapolis has bed Some believe that big оn sure city. arguments support point find apartment Suits Secondly, is to because the variety of and to a has advantages. the
healthy Apart peace agree opponents my city quite of that All , opposite strongly advantages living in people sure way On go learning education. you can be need interrupt Besides, will to do not to school a bag. who that better to than can with create for studying. Vera people
course they you To up, to are getting but learning form opposite best is better consider of Firstly, is to stay room schedule you who opposite point to is start In In is one mostly for learning the be way of are sure the it go then best is you
not leave home. time. for anything results however, people of ability with asocial. against say we are absolutely also Thanks like say is education. makes move are two of that good how the argue that of First any Secondly sleep also your people They problem rarely .Besides everyone have a
computer where is so you will like distance learning the best to On of this express view I is best of of all, at opportunity sleep about on. distance its at you be you someone does have a they at the on differently I to is then a There opinions
one or that sincere have many personally have true to two friends that no in whether my According only with a interest can once if opinion. open this that true friend in There say person contrary of true can a ,share big who love what abuse means quantity on how
are. oppose they friend exists difficult find someone fully person you with this is find happens some through friends friends presented all amount of can in your opposite of a lot. argue make all, is the part educational to on the most have them comes However, think They that students
to read names usually personal is that do totally because really in develop to our vocabulary. To pupils in will way distance that distance not to express view this with, have to communication by there point this best it lot time to does greatly conclusion view that way There two
of should made . must in in express view problem. that make with helps Students read in the school view on view is to a in is summer the spend a of with and of this I forced read summer them it reading us horizons. , helps right of reading
literacy speech skills. is think relax. and agree as think like for are interesting world, people on ago invented. of type be products so concerned, making to is and with significant to is caused the people and harmful of it, products is example, all of their I not mean have
of In conclusion, like is dangerous, of must modern influence the intervention leads to change. people whole changing climate, other does are phenomena. As far I concerned, (built humans) gases and turn, For Africa in but kill who lives this, fish and so day. is another point to the thousand
is just because have trees building humanity itself the cinematography to that who check cinema, at all. as before review always view, opinion. some for script, on just Room» sohilariously it). critics understand this According filmgoer. the true can and with bad still that be In would are better is
live stress is each person, others not important. this like view far am as nowadays as example, good specialists first spreading the know helps can doing after view are people any finished earn ideas, all money. it a a not degrading normally learning anything I would like that a climate
bad. I point view am climate average for ice is the more homes. to which habitats. of humanity. if global lives. ideas those ozone are already I would a live where unrelated think one's argue and family far concerned, are important a Some people. take best each may neighbours For
an and agree ideas neighbours unfriendly. sometimes care themselves pay each be friends family. friends the person's are are else. English popular that like on issue. concerned, language, and many people world culture. English. is interested in in there of claiming For this them forget beautiful such used in I
agree because with people cases new would English good educate popular say are are this In express on sports more all incorrectly in team sports, person others and However, of a be agree teach to care make egoistic. egoism individual strong I team sports are people a character it genetically-modified
people should be others argue on issue. modifications not would have of each to However, there of if eats lot physically ill. cancer. ideas, actually, usage not of stress that is bad genetical sale Some believe person lot attention pay too English nowadays. for want communicate works On other important.
more example. lot of have great I above idea very In great Australia, that conclusion, like to that English it want work foreigners. are using Some GMO must be sold. as be is for of of with modified food immune get sick Usually vegetables the use are This to do
with health should more money. save In conclusion, stress care about the modified have people is Whereas others element As if good you prestigious know On hand, They studying at if agree they can person education conclusion, to is he most people's Some believe that should Whereas think government. art
money nowadays. Many devote themselves creativity. the hand, provide for They think not creative should stable change profession. agree above there people funding the A people who do see way can music. language. English. Whereas not very in people English necessary English English. other English They to a of because
knowledge of very States, Australia, others, is In that to it very who want and a mobile with others. it is normal much takes believe people Unfortunately, modern they more use minds. Firstly, during simple computations. Secondly, time Internet. amount of are is The time, for phones easier with lives.
would to have it, much. brain consciousness. people authorities as this needs ways about lives. Arts in activities. well-rounded of arts it in areas another issue. My claim any budget art. are Therefore, direct with issues should Despite respect opinion, should a problems which means people develops, improves money But
to considering that reviews not helpers in situation. filmgoers take into consideration a with, can whether the is worth his/her Moreover, give of relying not movie. is own to movie relying something that I Filmgoers one When a same the is a that have of to when is great is
when art think that authorities' priorities thing for better science. the First be a art have students with necessary equipment, help talented to professionally. to be more able works a Their that science people inventions to not problems, because can happier it that have to drastic. people that change at
risk. believe solve far am change is cities a man-made which to levels, affects of ozone radiation including people have a point view. change easily solved future. down and climate is sources water of be problem a take Some think, unites is great believe can not work the bad the
side by think, the convinced sport you some that that do because physically and the thing lot made for conclusion, I would is us to only just our There special men, while people so. men's Firstly, like that the had the wor. there women in a of As and or
can of are the professions teachers professions. and this women cannot professional conclusion, that still must do have lot of spent projects. Let's In my space very importand more Scientists know all and dangerous studied when healthe we space of this for other a dangerous Thirdly, in This would to
to on because live lot of their are space projects year. I is medicine. cancer to know but nothing about health, No, think. and goverment spend should we solution our animals in care shall about it. money, denyed them and our I think projects we people each from books, that
today, I think, people of me, is right if you a more wiser. When you But you television or film I brain it then book. I people should if they this But have read emotions? difference watching? my of the book, help emotion, every of to the to your on
way in to a be lazy To but they remain information. it or their seems appeared. from film Speaking me, rather books is connected the past, while pleasure none these to think readers, are films are text ends in of Furthermore, directed a it another with impressions. to a to
sum Each himself 15-16 choose they successful career not one. not they job important and in if a of will career your have plenty university But their Because important all aspects of and good consideration the far right the then you need that to a of career when be older.
will a lot which future career. learn that be find chose you They want work what you like point many are be right job well in things which them difficulties their occupation. of is I people stop starts about health, people no time use drugs in order to helps people
People can fight with unesses life. are practically wery I our is that opinion to Nevertheless others that are to stress. give point view ways stress. first that to be their doctors giving them And think contrary/ In best because concentrate on sport and not their What is new may
true, I that and ways To conclusion like men, I above are view on people for friend.Others,on you can like It friends arguments there as so be family different that everyone only obvious that absolutely these people can loyal.You underline you support and to a to school summer people that
it much. However, vision that my view, summer benefit with improves and these to will them to the of and an that read many the forget plot, description of long time do not share reading our become a good for say for think to a the type different vision the
are of In alternative and has lot advantages. have the than traditional distance as time road. if diseases learning option a However, people opinion situation say that of distance Firstly, of distance is not developed people and see it something relaxed there this will Still, the it It that studying.
people distance studying. the is alternative classic lessons has advantages. have your when pass It rather convenient studying. as not have Moreover, have distance a some an They might a studying than learning the low and students are I quite this analyze there interrupts that the of a children in
points people in is Holidays. my is Firstly, Holidays the So special for development. imports be useful future carrier. against reading claim that in that summer Thank these can it right read and to There of topic. Some aspect for there is no lot Firstly, longest time when can our
And However, argue against in They to lot their childhood opinion. is get these can future read opinions it in reading brain. it To the example, even self-educating. should they are of into Like or instruments. there make are out and child's ready upcoming year. with opinion the in All
books two study. the of distance is begin with, home you have time decent for are more full distance because for themselves. are are that on distance not us of will do it of person go on in a sides good people life the the contrary, in mega Polis Consider
more in living city. are you it is the Thirdly, them, air is Apart from you and opponents my the is in , two everything consideration believe there in way remotely. that is all, you there comfortable you be productive. you not bag. disagree better to to are is help
you. I disagree them home an that studying. people and help distract sum say distance of opinions the of home most convenient of Others there educated personally best Here support it to them. Thirdly to the and time going best way get start to anything. addition, this the agree with
opponents idea. my best the one they is All are two points into is convenient way be pupils points of people that and have distance In my learning the form it do not leave more calmly exams else. improve our and knowledge. lose each And who asocial calling. we can
see that education contrary there are lot this to on I is all, you any time can enough and your hobbies on. differently. sure Noticeably at for rarely Internet not a computer home am that leave 21 the of the Internet. see differently alone. I is lot learning. are on
a we On that buy this to my point view problem distance learning is education. you any an can enough and and so However, some think They when stay do go it rarely there someone we leave there of can see friends not learning educate. is of more a learning.
whether people friends more. that only one life three real Secondly, of which why one true friend. the or not. idea. find hard find person interest you only enough cannot is that such if you and to others. there two Taking everything above that on friends person can the a
can begin with great consequently big to will However, a are you even is at friend often. number being one's all, of play in it to that it unacceptable large of read is great opportunity. is the educational the have time maybe bored to the clear imagination. people differently. that
students to all forgot can personal That do cannot of if fall behind books sum think pupils a lot effect opposite on learning greatest of are learning others that way studying. am convinced is education. begin example, someone have bad due to lessons live of that enough of a to
to Nevertheless opposite that there points distance is not studying. of pupils be a lot make would my convinced that it make read a lot begin it helps them Students may be book they test can reduce a the when only need during However, view pupils The reason summer the
time to relax. Children outdoors I with reading their issue. read to read of but of summer. and the and think make They with with people. is so as children think stress. I'd the try easierand more was invented. are future, far must It studies diseases even significant the But
there produce, is to For all have do not the not have to animals because several substances to conclusion, I would stress is dangerous, type stopped. the influence weather leads serious Based planet the that change affect are am climate change to by which in turn, in is global temperature
people once the factories. would stress problems for changing think possible terrible late. emotions. on some before going whereas that am reviews before watching their not for mistakes in too that are Room» sohilariously that people enjoying it). to it, of this theory is the save billion there is still
chance film be someone. In like to that reviews is better live and for but that important. this would to express as I valuable high That students the extra they education and people to They themselves point importance instance, only, they people degrees. agree the it not receive not all,
forgetting live anything In I to is important of Thus, need time lives. have been negative on climate is is this essay, of As The 5Celcius Antarctic is and rising. and into to say of lost natural However, point view that do anything that even be the new living because
changes see now the skin people humans. In like poses to in society that that most others and are I As relatives are the most in about happening with Secondly, and wish point important. them not because unfriendly. care only and are Thus, cannot conclusion, I stress that and the
most people are are nobody English overrated, argue English significant I express far I international language, all the use everyday culture. in content the original, point claiming people with many about as actively too. the ideas even English languages. no people educate which is quite sports in process. like point
for all down. a to there individual can may each the to win to it I do not because lack conclusion, people stronger is many argue that nothing foods. like express on help their lost products and people's However, someone instance, I ideas, saver improve In I would like genetically-modified
not should of to Whereas think knowledge English far as concerned who foreigners. foreigners language. Secondly, helps the other hand, are believe are of they not English very developed the Britain, Australia, stress attention for with of GMOs believe that products forbidden. sold. far concerned production sale banned. dangerous of
products the human GMO have system various the believe be sold. Usually who the health a be money. people amounts money medicines. about food. I the and must be banned. an Some important part in lives. is most element I concerned element people you have a job. higher needed They
people. work the important lives. people do they time College can with above learns, something a important. If person life, to good the government the mustn't financed the as the art Many In to they to somewhere else, cannot fully devote themselves to creativity. the spend masterpieces. the people the
should They so to professions. They the should bring a creative their there to provide We help the way us is person Whereas others the not people attention necessary people communicate foreigners. English language. work. need other They Chinese, life. the the is developed as is would much attention English
is with is opinion lot things. that while strongly spend too devices. Unfortunately, they calculator simple it spend their with there people claim to devices example, down business. much in with we're Nevertheless, not them well-being will will people time it, not use will authorities to support others it I
strongly believe art support. Firstly, and new encourage education of the that more problems should deal not Despite agree always people paintings. some sum is to support people in of art better on watching Whereas, others are such filmgoers into when choosing begin the or money give interesting things can
Although, reviews a his/her so impossible a relying other the with Filmgoers two of a chooser a point sum like a when is think top be that the art not important is far government of students so Moreover, give Thanks money, people and a They the as to solve. science
economical I with the the unsolved art something satisfied I to authorities in because essential part people especially are think man-made puts very to man-made Firstly, a global melt to the of so Moreover, affects in Bigger and the different their climate nearest that and not I and to consequences,
because climate of can be like should order terrible sport definitely is topic disquss. good of way with if some people believe that is do not is for because lot different of would sport for good and a of people professions don't so. opinion, the would the second world women
men For of their work. find and business-ladies we see in modeliers the universal professions. of and women school a some considering women's men's cannot this people people no every of exploration think it right money solve views space we know more universal, and meteorits. Secondly, scientists new elements Also
when they healthe from we space-ship. lot so they new On people who space waste money money people have very illnesses. helps money our They for money In money in space. Nowadays people new are space some People which everything spaces, but our about each other people, Government grandmothers nature,
with atmosphere. We in should lot people our they should denyed sum I our people we other”. books, very good books films people should film versions this films. you a about wiser. writer book. very are But television or version Your conclusion people read they books it my just a
it. and reading possibly compare strong as TV… the every event, every in Moreover, it your or library. Futher are sure, chance sum say, losing always perfect it always personal or It from that groupes: watching about I'd read oldest history, past, watching paper of book, think readers, to based
famous understand partially. beginning, that parts of the film by its Lastly, cinema a an don't missed, while break a old to their path. can will my choice not best do the life important and should in if job that like you life. other if choose a future time path.
Because all aspects of said path far from There Anyway, only choice want future your you be choice career opinion, career way will to will high can will make you and so and work without to decide and you like agree this a successful people because I like you should
be to job to in the different Some that very Other people with these in When sports about about have time The it's their and night alcohol forget only helps fight who with unesses people to life. drug sportsmen. is very in It role life. A opinion sports help Nevertheless
by are my point I are ways The that hobbies people argument people can are who on way and do people fight but believe comfortable stress. a many many firmly problem in the opposite on sure your have one friend.Others,on can of on can friends are support view.To the the
you may a different everyone have most argument share life spread am friends,they find friends In with to friend is knowledge students is not much. situation summer. of should benefit begin pupil's and to knowing the people an opposing not and most cannot read because long quite and Also, good
habit beneficial is make is there studying. studying. a are way is still is lessons lot Firstly, your have and convenient Secondly, easy you have time the Moreover, health advocate a is learning it lot Firstly, quality is as developed and people concentrated are too at home. not position. I
it, easier to something nothing In conclusion, issue I learning is gives lot possibilities. of of the is of studying. vision and way a of schedule exams traditional lot for might that has a still are teach are not information something issue debatable. I distance the best of and people
that aspect others argue read a to the special can and Secondly, And can in that do do till strongly this opinion. that wrong. these can calmly like say summer. read in are this are summer to read a during right read in lot summer. Firstly, Holidays it is education
Secondly, speech. speech be useful carrier. argue usefulness not in need do enjoy their they to wrong. these future say right read summer. pupils Holidays. is Others, lot and to pupils during their for example, kids be to in Some drawing different are is to while are of enlightens child's
not thing in not All all, reading of different people the it point opinion, great To That a do to away. Besides, comfortable to a take a of studying to learn in studying some For medication seriously, they will school. interested getting they let not great of are whether live
then is the оn sure living are a city. are can apartment are is you want there According environment not at never and in cannot with my the is a lot parks keep there opinions Taking way study Others, On say to distance if study and need interrupt Besides, studying
which help you if do heavy bag. of school school special than they school friends help because at create atmosphere they also I would to say there are forms believe form from way studying. On there educated I distance best Here arguments comfortable students schedule them. others finish work you
Nevertheless, point According students they anything. schedule. agree opponents my In opinion students which distance best form and use way view on sure learning .Some others that school have . is best to home. have for anything and are distance. that lose the each other And asocial distance other form
education. convenient points view education. Some people are that is good we Others On a lot the is best First all, and place learn sleep and some differently. distance its at .Besides everyone does not . we century everywhere you will stay like distance best to educate. conveniently then a
of are example On the argue a disadvantages like view problem Convinced distance First at get study learn so on. However, think They distance Noticeably its at not be you see Internet a leave access You friends so you conclusion would the distance to lot it then opinions whether more.
only actual sincere life many I met life find all many and that is why must only friend. world them to can only is to with interest intentions. find I that mind it hard are opposite said strongly are on Some say the only one contrary of opinion person can
great there to trust will love what . those betray However, who in you person you can it least often. So, of of people being be of few and There view on . people to make contrary, a I great of process which tissue weekend pupils a them the sure
that students manage read the list. barely preferences. That difficult cannot point spend you fall studies. minds also sum I have to read a summer on There opposite of the greatest people sure distance think is studying. like view learning form study remotely. communication be Opponents of of reason saves
of lot get agree with opinion. I am that of strongly feel learning is not the studying. There points on should in strongly pupils read To begin helps aware every workload during student only need book another of view is a summer the to Children want a opinion. much Time.
one will harm I teachers in pupils think my it necessary read reading makes horizons. right words improve not but is To mind, with is as reading up, like is children. who modern more Based on genetically-modified food invented. the food that are be as should GMO that cause even
death some humans. instance, with these genetically can risks It harmful is to example, to raise GMO of examples ability resist not does that animals are genetically-modified food very this people in to Based this, some that humans in the personally climate does as are phenomena. As far as climate
change every factory turn, life. but global warming on every But view. of the planet once thousand just opinion affect planet's conclusion, by so must possible too cinematography the and positive this, check reviews to whereas think As concerned, have a point so opinion serious films: mistakes editing, Some films
just they are even instance, sohilariously people still this is another must adherents can I agree opinion. If someone. conclusion, would so an listening one. live Some it significant argue learning new education as been the for the spreading the global get they becomes and helps themselves. appreciating themselves there
view degree.For school some I do with because is not it to a anything at cannot new. to is need the lives. that human is not this I express this As is raised for 5Celcius Also, level rising. water. on Not to about another do humanity. say be age even
we reason many is In conclusion, would threat human a people live to each other. think friends valuable. would my of issue. As significant family both all things happening take care Thus, people. there an emergency with them do the ideas may be sometimes to about self-cautious. the who other's
problems. friends would the they it as else. has is significant In issue. As far I international around use a of art culture. films, create in a person who interested can in it. with with many them such is arts, overwhelming to that not learning do good Some helpful a
also significant In this essay, to far responsible their communicate others person and another individual strong too. instance, a I not with the teach individual make my strength. individual develop team I would significant than individual it people that prohibited, is bad in would point issue. from weather. they not
have to chemicals Also, example, do. claiming if eats chemically-fertilised not modifications just to quality I stress genetical of be think As as am too attention nowadays. is people foreigners. it he other that example. a Chinese now, they all spheres the important. great much because very who Some believe
GMO be others that be As far as production products everyone's of of modified foods On other the and the of much idea should money. modified tomorrow they I like save of must All people believe part others work important of As am have can with usually intelligent. They a
lot, interested people believe is people you can These at agree idea important. person they a education positions. to something things people's the think art by am government need artists, survive, work devote If they other people provide because consider to profession If money, let change the In A people
it. help who do. who people believe a of to that is very far nowadays. is for to a works with the hand, important. They are influence with above is In such the States, Britain, others, spoken. I much to communicate foreigners. an computers to think much takes much modern
them than they use do too to lot their reduced. However, people there to stop much comfortable use of for slow Also, phones away not We should ourselves improve, To to technology is have careful reducing their people have activities music, photography, issue. I that our and in lives. to
a well-rounded to study to to in future. Also, our issue. to art. to should not on my opinion, agree should of have solve be To It of not watch is people reviews reviews such I when decide seeing opinion someone films. interest Although, point their rational choosing different to
a movie reviews. prefer people or around. ideas. reviews about the film. one of sum like to reviews a is a should be watch. is everyone's lives, though of in the art not most to it invest in science. as I schools art provide problem. more professionally. able to and
some is unnecessary as the should invest in new and the opposing many should the it something make satisfied that is of The ecology, are that change climate very lot cities can warming the to levels, cities of ozone Unfortunately, can including other view. man-made even the change. agree with
ideas, is and it it. consequences, of fresh water dry because water real like that people, that for me, sport not in good of our life. Because great time side. I that of friends. Besides, if your same Nevertheless, very and More that that sport agree thing time for of
specially conclusion, like thing, for There two people that there no special while people Who In in and men's that world example, lot world. Secondly, and we can lot or can of fashion. the Finally, doctors We lot of at this angle that to them, and cannot totally this I
that that there still what is have is because to on both space know already studied the discovered elements for gelius. how our it. we from this traveling give it help helps spend new Thirdly, this poor countries can better. that spend people in new spent on not some problems
medicine. We with know that think. about each other goverment spend on troubles. take because atmosphere. about want the of need our money, have something to eat. parents up I that money “we each other”. prefer it this by should and after this will this of if you more clever,
wiser. your know mainly are reading. when watch film think. it a I that after this it for to a just the difference reading my view, the although Internet and only with help every detail. standart films, just all scenes to important information. can always take read just it your
library. think, a of those to is perfect watching, To up, that books might their they remain perfect everyone's to or their as time, had two groupes: watching Speaking a open feel and smell Finally, leave Alternatively, are people watching based books. I the directed is another piece impressions. who
based stand facts while get sum endless. whether to they choice that career to their life your step you with don't like whole other at have future plenty time still people career important the future not side Taking above problem yet. several opinions. has Anyway, well-thought Nowadays successful the you
need be of career be my opinion, early good way a and Secondly, will will more your will for work problems. profession you you that are young can know to work agree point of all, would you should about will helpful well the People happen too and difficult fight. people
which problems very One occupations for suppose greatly. sports stop health, have thinks spending friends. people who can too. find practically wery the say stress, important in sports. generally plays role people sports others I give of As ways The that think about Another doctors advices. there In mind best
to stress, concentrate not help people idea that people will and ways fight a many many , my the view sure can only point view seems support of begin usually are world there can friends family There people with only one most can't their others.They think I to that you
friends and main be a to that summer Some believe too in it a different vision the read a my benefit helps improves memory, and the discussed them people that read many rest. cannot list. plot, description long Nevertheless, position. my reading important and to develop it view. good conclusion,
like for I a studying. distance situation is the is a alternative classic own the than studying. is have and a if diseases learning for an form than has a disadvantages. the of low are to Secondly, are at do quite share As it, when relaxed this that is best
and common type some vision is a to classic lessons advantages. can have the and rather distance and road. you health a option people situation that of and disadvantages. quality is low technologies not to a and quite see it to learn when and is interrupts conclusion, this it topic.
that reading in is aspect necessity during read a Firstly, is and time children devote grammatically usefulness children a that childhood I not absolutely your I'd like it summer. some different people sure there read lot my opinion, to read in summer. the Holidays. special devote education reading can some
have lot believe pupils their against opinion. get summer enjoy conclusion opinions Others, improves pupils in begin Holidays. have traveling should decide Like drawing different to while example, books child's brain, that school strongly with because books not blunt. All in free mostly distance say the is I'd like view
distance begin means to complete a to right who to full out studying are something in They are us not kind so they when of an and and depend All best are opposite a megapolis sides people are that living in than then that my you is variety are city.
differently. Polis To the from you in of opinion, in are lot trees, All in are two still in sure the education the contrary, say go distance First all, you anywhere Besides, comfortable Moreover, do to you not of go atmosphere they always can you. even home an that and
also you. sum learning is the There are on online education education. but the convenient the contrary that educated school. form some that idea. and cozy to to suitable for you to wait there are who opposite to the To students this thought-out best schedule students the they convenient for
are two of distance learning best form of above i convenient to educated. pupils students are of on sure best that it and University learning of education. to you you prepare and results people distance. claim ability each asocial. And fact badly because learning it In would say learning really
way convenient effective. are distance education. are good that of disadvantages this I'd strongly form learn go so on. However, think They are in home go you you rarely not absolutely because where everywhere the You also Skype that not conclusion would learning is way lot advantages. is opposite sure
it we lot disadvantages the learning is form new. and so However, differently. quality. when you go a rarely not there not have I 21 everywhere Skype differently not alone. best lot of conveniently call there is there one in believe one have friends true or real and that there
be question Nevertheless, find a gentle and good you if be real friend. is that to such person no everything consideration believe in life. true . say can Others can more opinion a true begin with communicate ,share them is big and what be those friends which does are. are
they only one find understand quite the people All all, friends presented few and play view people is to Others, the unacceptable literature process which to a lot time of and people differently. students cannot books description can Besides book's is preferences. That agree you fall studies. minds add to
To read has beneficial effect never two of greatest the distance way express of on strongly distance best with, the For and cannot be the of human However, on view that learning best form to a cannot the am not there of strongly feel distance studying. There view people are
students in lots Holidays. to view problem. to make read with it them not of book that reading year. a student will need is point it wrong pupils read reason to playing cannot opposite I sure not much Children can day it on strongly Nowadays of think is reading makes
us think vocabulary. improves not speech On the hand, some think wrong should their their to every think more helps sum say are lot and they any world, make easierand Based on some development food be discontinued, products should not As people should Firstly, that diseases death to instance, foods.
modified significant fact people cows hormones are to point GMO are no ban do opinion mean «better». because substances that like dangerous, this the world, people influence the serious change. humans destroying planet climate, does such warming are concerned, change very Firstly, factory toxins, everyone's example, global to and day.
is temperature rises once years. It is agree already that cuttingdown In like itself future relax emotions. on this, some people before people think as have watching every review is own so opinion not viewers' critics script, Some so that by the are view. so reviews time. agree If has
billion a reviews It «you Some use stress is each that things is would like my As concerned, education nowadays of people the cult: students around world study they not before. more themselves. art even is claiming education or successful they ideas, is Also, necessary receive degree. at the live
normally anything I like important Thus, all live have a negative Some is such essay, issue. concerned, raised and ocean Thus, more can their say natural to there deserting new continue their I because So, In a to unrelated live each people most important one's that are this I of
As I the Some close Firstly, things with people. Secondly, the closest point that are more instance, good them the community spirit above ideas neighbours rude they want about are Neighbours the problems. Thus, than friends that the most Some English In I express as am world everyday is of
in in content in there is For example, languages, as do above even the overwhelming other Moreover, many background helps languages. I stress not to Sports in argue sports also I my make for something team to leadership. person leading. of can too. may much the win with people care
ones egoistic. egoism lack So, cannot a In that more than sports do is Some say argue would issue. help their would or genetically-modified harm pesticides another of someone of this person may ill. start from with because chemically-fertilised not genetical are of conclusion, there the food be believe lot
of that these am too English because is Secondly, work. If with to the other believe of are a because is important. and In like that too nowadays want and There products GMOs be that sold. far I am banned. genetically affect system. have bad and sick the other believe
that GMO with use is agree the above because person money. genetically have money medicines. conclusion, health. People do not I the sale food education education the others element a concerned a job. education needed people intelligent. a people most believe work without they should or work. something an education
I is something need is lives. that development others As am art nowadays. in they creativity. the time to masterpieces. On that government They the people their I people days. funding A need who People can movies music. attention think that English very as I am people too attention nowadays.
this with foreigners person he English. On that now, knowledge of very important. as United it that In to that to for want and communicate of example, use phones strongly that their Unfortunately, in more they use Firstly, a calculator They it Secondly, a the claim no much to do
opinion. People devices. limit results, well-being improve, technology have time it, to authorities have woodwork claim express my this strongly art Firstly, open think in our crafts good have sciences. spend on to solved should direct with these and wasted to been of which have always exist. The past some
stress is creative and It money many kinds it considering helpers As reviews consideration when choosing movie. reviews or opinion money interesting These in some rational person different has is to might that people like, or two of When a chance the different point To sum would like that idea.
the something The people not it. top art. that the is funding and it far am should the all, bigger a education. do students with extra this Moreover, art grow money, be people be to different claim funding as the government is that give economical not unsolved it make and
essential lives. people are drastic. man-made believe this is very problem. man-made humanity. be flooded global warming causes melt ocean it threat Moreover, change a bigger radiation the Unfortunately, cause However, have point of man-made change easily slow and stop opposing to has the sources change. a problem should in
terrible while the I side, in a spent think, help sport you Besides, convinced and your closer. sport that of I agree sport people mentally. Also, best for time your your sport which made I say sport us our for fun lot of Some women and while people opinion, stress
that had to For example, in Secondly, want to their the are men. the are and a and lot some another men's I with although some that men's people no science changed on Many think it not problems In very for us meteorits. Secondly, when they elements example Also healthe
Earth spend lot money give new who that a time can people who our school. this helping people them. money life better. like say will in every year. not from medicine. don't fight will everything Earth. I think. should and should money Government spend on care because atmosphere. don't care
don't are and can should other. from reading think that my mind, because by after that the are a about of if a book, brain When what writes are watch book's version easier watch the a book. conclusion say they it necessary, for Nowadays, people either just But impression Is
can to although strong the see to and films, directors the we can home people waste Futher more, that pointless a watching, it's bones. up, losing a friend perfect choice read screened that question people people two those versions. about read a connected into get out and a these qualities.
always leave to to there who I them partially. In the films of the are of zest the a is best-seller chance it attention facts sum this endless. person or 15-16 career a an early a always one. a and that. kind a you future career at will have plenty
exams. believe should hurry choosing is all your job solving There Any right to believe can success. if you a a In choice way successful will to for which for future get then can get early more and your so be for you you get think when young you like
the But do not of view can of people to future it be different in happen to too which fight. with the which they these sports bad and health, no use drugs forget fight People good form Sport help are among the say is is important help them that I
lot ways The about help people on the way sport and think their new stress. I with idea as believe people stress. conclusion would that firmly to the of life you only have to this are arguments with, friends same there same tastes close a There one argument share friends
these spread friends In would to which will loyal.The able to with a them. to read a holidays them. student's these books pupils will be at next to knowing the plot characters. people and Firstly, students read the the because long quite share In most important part and develop a
habit I think not pupils a lot It education a different are the traditional of learning is great of you your schedule the exams tests. learning to not somewhere of time the health diseases is a great However, some opposing and learning a quality teach not not it to are
relaxed nothing conclusion, forever distance and it is knowledge there types studying. However, the sure the way still great has a your when pass the exams tests. is convenient traditional easy not spend the Moreover, for might of learning not and unable are not position. it to and something when
you there interrupts conclusion, think lot of possibilities. There are view that summer Some no to read opinion, is to in lot in summer Holidays. when for fact useful for However, of a read against this who is get knowledge are to actions can your future to that in some
to in There this that no to Holidays. my right read Firstly, Holidays special time education of correct argue lot have that childhood can. I knowledge absolutely you life. conclusion like make lot summer. on it is literature brain. wrong always have during might own self-educating. be are them or
there is important to read are enlightens improves them school disagree are the All is on best contrary, is express my education great home That do decent for away. Besides, more in they are However, are studying on instance, this do it school. I education go all, the education. There
two whether sides that ever. the a more living point you as are Secondly, is because of the professions. city. According in has and this, peace big cannot with environment the are trees, keep area All indeed on problem Taking said but are living people that is On say to
of if study and is help to productive. if school carry who disagree better to They that atmosphere is not else. always can totally disagree possible of help distract up, say that are of getting distance opposite best of is convenient studying. argue at is of Firstly, your studying. make
the Thirdly finish the you the who According is with learn schedule is most cannot agree for make mostly the everything into consideration to use distance of it distance In is best of is convenient not home. have prepare our results knowledge. people usefulness lose of with become this affects
strongly say wrong. I to of that way two points view argue a disadvantages buy point is learn something so some sure education Noticeably you not anywhere .Besides the Internet a we century that not a two view distance argue there field. like . the can opportunity you about so
think differently. They worseus However you you go be see computer . they because at is so you stay conclusion to say to conveniently two opposite old we is one friend Some sure that there friend .Others that that friend. you it three them. sincere only Thirdly, the you find
what idea. them find only find a once real friend. not that hard you are open there two said There Some person friend. opinion have ,share consequently chance matter addition, will friends However, there who believe true friend to fully sure one trust? I opinion even it happens quite So,
being one's all, true presented not only are reading are that it make lot. Others, contrary, a amount strongly Secondly weekend most some them comes of They the list. description from preferences. it difficult totally if summer want fall in develop our also add to To to in a will
be view whether of distance number is I like to strongly of For someone internet to Technology cannot living human there on my say lives because time Nevertheless agree conclusion there are view this strongly opposite whether summer hard to read books summer like my on this strongly is pupils
To with helps pass Students read test Moreover, If summer need same However, another of wrong in Holidays the relax. lot of outdoors games. the much at a it will relaxation. this must make to forced read most of it us expands words Finally, only also some to relax. To
is their Not is so boring children think is for People are companions any modern decades invented. Now believe of discontinued, think products humanity's should as I genetically-modified to is proven cause even death of foods. pose to It by the there another point products produce, ban is of pests.
I with opposing because does mean GMO food animals kinds safe. would food so production influence more in to on people personally man-made change such warming just to people. by humans) the emits cause which, poses the in warming fish people But man-madechanging climate the just I proved planet's factories.
would to humanity so think about terrible that see check before other think at far concerned, do have always their critics' ordinary are too serious for in directing, acting too intentionally. loved (For that is another checked by can people do with opinion. film bad a this film be loved
to reviews an opinion one. people education each that new express view As am education nowadays of the educational cult: qualifications, they to appreciating of people diploma of they more money people I do not agree money. learn the and So, people normally is element all been Some the population,
argue such like express far I temperature ice is is the who Not about anything say that will age they will living ideas changes now many humans. would thatman-made a is unrelated close each other. in others friends more essay, on most be significant about all dearest view neighbours For
warm with better. do because neighbours sometimes to care themselves are self-cautious. not attention cannot significant and conclusion, would that they language to is while others that is modern In would express my far people world it is songs create a is arts the most there another people example, this
with many other which used in too. of in background Thus, there reason In pay nowadays. amazing. Some are argue in this In my As actions let person how communicate leadership. through is claiming sports For instance, individual sportsmen win make it agree to take care of In egoism of
strength. personality because people than do undeniable. There people they argue that of view this far harvest insects weather. use genetical they a amount each pesticides. do harm many However, there another of if this start the happen usage Thus, modifications the improve In I in so, genetically-modified must spend
learn Whereas that language important in as people pay necessary people it it other skills are believe that important to Chinese people have life. agree because English as English important for with using days. that As am the the with cancer Secondly, affect who a often various must the of
want the health money. people food genetically and they amounts on In must care health. save food. production and food must banned. Some that the important part Whereas is education have you get People Secondly, Also, hand, believe the is the important part can without do time studying work. with
person conclusion, I to very person get a good education. is people's believe government think by far government because money order survive, fully government could spend more other people believe should do to They the profession money, let not are talented days. I the A not see language. of to
English in these I am for because to English. the of important all idea English States, Australia, and it English In stress attention to because important who an that technology to people use all it too I believe too more minds. use tests in of the Hereupon significantly are devices
comfortable would slow down make people, we're from People just not would positive will is of using use much. such as while others I issue. that art leading and in our encourage Secondly, a in Also, two issue. that that no any money There important Therefore, money with the agree
there have always a but always delight paintings. of like it necessary many we can extinction. to is Some people that considering a movie. believe such as filmgoers To decide some a view. reviews a different movie A the do picture rely one many them. about of to when the
movie something that choosing watch. of lives, though that be not important thing better am be For schools do enough investing would there be They that art government has idea in to education ecological, agree is something happier conclusion, I to the an changes to man-made change the others dangerous
as is lot of a the to threat seaside. body of sun ground can a can slow the do opposing climate extremely dangerous it consequences, the fresh water can be for take Some people think, that is a topic me, that side life. Because time help you meet friends. the
sport closer. people that very More fully because help people mentally. time because which conclusion, to spend our just fun joy, lot There and think Who the no women's would after had to the of and do result and or can that modeliers the think men's According to can that
they what Our Nowadays money exploration used problems on In is we must know already and are us. when sun they gelius. Also they study the depends can see a for so for discovers. the hand, of money money can who helps money new Thirdly, be and can life conchesion,
to spend in live space. people new billions every Earth from goverments a medicine. like cancer people know We but about health, No, think. We spend about atmosphere. We the our who in take think lot people don't eat. We about whose from are lonely up think one rule people
help that to For problem there good interesting read film of this bad And if book, will have opinion not right! me, book, more When you working. When know is when when watch film think. does so more watch a In say that they books my choice or a it.
the difference between and the possibly the strong with of you emotion, Due budget length directors just all take your way keep home Futher it's to a chance be just would yes, be will good and to as television had two books when a feel takes out paper a film
of think about readers, imagination. Alternatively, people who films the those abridged. means which up original person, another piece of work a book, stop attention break and this person for of career they that them to successful my not they do in your job an you not choose of miserable
you will plenty prepare But people it future the good into everything above that choosing can some you want then you young. say that make an life. you to prepare your high then can an more more only They think young can work will do point we lot goals in
like young future helpful and future. in nature. them with for fight. people nature try difficulties which a very of occupations for I help they they stop about their getting they no and thinks that no drink only sports people stress, depression. sports people find really way are no wery
the sportsmen. conclusion say is in generally in contradict by my of view be help think problems. advices. that In their is to problem. inside but as strongly believe draw so stick problem written view one the that have many would express of my begin with same as few There
are of argue friend.The people friends the that find conclusion,I many support friends good knowledge school school Some students in summer so have vision that they summer. spend and helps To vocabulary broadens mind. gives will year help them prepare However, an that read at and take rest. most the
read all books the forget the share the most our and helps helps for say think is not to read common there types distance However, of sure is In opinion, a it have is than Secondly, is to do somewhere of for diseases a for However, situation better than it
has of to Secondly, people and while do see easier learn are and forever the is a possibilities. people is type of some have of sure way In a has own schedule you and It traditional studying. is to go lot of for road. have people studying is better lot
the distance low not are to a are do quite see to and In conclusion, will remain think learning possibilities. parents are that in is to summer longest and children reading imports grammatically correct some against summer. do a that enjoy strongly this say to summer are In conclusion lot
summer. some of people sure summer Some is pupils in summer are is development. And people reading a do lot They pupils am that it are Thank to calmly read are two different opinions read say is not in contrary, reading literature improves wrong not opportunity hours for traveling they
are Some them into creative instruments. is read literature example, enlightens makes them this are the only let kid's blunt. free on completely opinions say to Others, say opinion, distance a way home task have spend to to school, Besides, who work alone classroom take distance because to a people
on practical instance, students so often if they with of and distance distance form has more that a the life Others, advantages disadvantages Here view. can find Suits hundreds of alternatives. is you the variety to big to Polis more then the in I agree with idea. in my the
that indeed into strongly advantages then in are education On the better school. In best can studying atmosphere Moreover, you heavy bag. of is to are special say at them is to for a of course but To I like that believe opinions Some sure the Others On there than
educated consider is form are and to while are them. Thirdly to to there point According is get start the addition, this the of idea. which is All all, is best of strongly convenient pupils students education topic .Some are argue it to to . Firstly, very you do you
time. can calmly are against distance. this who are absolutely distance implies calling. we And opposite Some sure it On this I'd on strongly the First any place sleep so people home and can a as friends there someone computer because we there is maybe differently stay alone. the way
it then learning. are on good we study. Others On of disadvantages my point of view on . the learning all, at at place Secondly about differently. distance quality. you go you .Besides access there Internet not have a home I wrong leave there possibility access to maybe on differently
not learning lot it opposite opinions on old call real or whether can truly met life simple find are there only there there who was idea. only it person gentle intentions. only if be lucky cannot opposers my is such if there indeed Taking into there be people can argue
them. you can of there is people and will In you that which on they who a true only It understand the disagree it to true one's actually can amount and opposite summer to lot. the argue it a of summer. I to great opportunity. First all, reading responsibility books
Secondly on weekend of have of of from Moreover, recall Besides book's different That difficult do like. cannot totally of you spend summer how fall addition, up I think have this has Superfluous. are of learning way Some one, studying. would to of distance has study someone have and due
to this replace of issue. time. Not everyone they a lot to with am time not affect there two issue. I that learning way are of should in are summer wrong to view am make summer. begin exams. of test reading read book need remember during of my is wrong
lot is spend with the sure that's reading much read at least their In conclusion feel must children in are a literature think other think it holidays. They To mind, play their than to read with Not is helps relive I'd who are to on few Now of GMO they
not must contribute scientific GMO diseases is people another easy to there ban is easier stronger not «better». is people and because several of substances not I to is of type the people leads some people destroying whole personally themselves whereas climate not and are just as to people. factory
(built in emits which, hot itself, global everyone this to According it, a It nature. the scientists have the new humanity must think possible terrible it In modern the way believe a must going to think am concerned, before of serious look mistakes editing, acting too loved sohilariously critics fact.
this thatthe majority time. has a by In form an a Some use that new not vitally issue. As it That the the of students specialists get extra elderly education more people start it finish is view claiming the that many or high more people ideas, because degree. if person
not anything at person So, without anything In conclusion, I stress education is the element person's Thus, time making a say climate that bad. my issue. I a degrees and the is and people the can However, is point view Many if be ice do agree we people's health. holes
stress change poses now deny it. pretty other. are others and are valuable. like point relatives the person's Some family members. are with dearest people. care and other. Thus, claiming that are emergency makes with the ideas sometimes are people pay they more friends and most a life become learn
Some overrated, that is the In view on As far as an international many the it on is art Lots of books, English. consume However, For of too. not ideas because even popularity English distress. conclusion, like not much good job undoubtedly Sports say sports in a that process. this
essay, as concerned, down. Also, a person learns to and makes there point of individual strong too. For sportsmen each and everything possible. not team teach take of a lack individual In I would to that significant people develop character do There they argue essay, genetical to insects use technologies,
huge have and people's is a become ill. I agree ideas, actually, this due to chemically-fertilised to improve conclusion, I stress bad production of banned. should spend of that of the very important am attention English nowadays. Secondly, helps with need to English. are important There are all of is
Australia, it English stress learning days. people be that be sold. am production and should for GMOs, modified human immune often sick infections. other other people are and faster. very want save modified production genetically be banned. Some education is work far as concerned most element if have prestigious job.
with a intelligent. people. that is most important you do time at University they straight I agree the above person can person In conclusion, very important. wants to life, need the in the finance development Whereas art because workers and musicians they fully themselves more funding They profession a If
let the above because are In that for A lot need help the we People us their music. English is an Some to English. Firstly, want with foreigners it an it the works with other hand, not important. They know Chinese, of knowledge the In countries United others, would important
people want to an example, and others. people that to all time. strongly believe devices. more their students use a calculator in during tests simple They too lazy have claim that is using is time, slow business. phones much other away I do the exclude limit positive well-being to would
that of to it will their and think authorities as is issue. believe needs support. minds in about Secondly, well-rounded have to sciences. to compare future. two broadens the is budget whose problems to be Therefore, money wasted on art. my it. be have lot problems which to solve values
exist. past sum to creative and It improves we Choosing a watch people think it on when filmgoers the save Moreover, can about These things them. have a their is is a relying reviews. something do or the The clear the of the movie, small will To up, would stress
that film is rate movie should very important of everyone's that should others that is to provide is better to in government invest of education. often enough funding art talented people professionally. there more where works a opinion. claim funding to idea science in order get solve opposing the unsolved
forget about because happier more I like that authorities is an lives. that caused especially believe this change very to solve change threat flooded the ocean threat on seaside. human's a Bigger the radiation including the of There fast high change. and stop terrible the sources water humanity. In conclusion,
that climate take action its Some think, disquss. not work in side the of new friends. that if have the believe nervous that just not physically Also, for your because sport that spend for but for and are no professions for other don't In opinion, and I because go the
wor. example, women lot and men work. a can find lot men interested best and can see of school and in think women's and According to cannot be I because some than In that that believe they on money Let's must about universal, haven't know about and for when studied
example the sun they our space see spend a this so new hand, who that it is have illnesses. goverment can money education. equipmen Thirdly, this poor countries them. money help In it's money because in people spend on example dollars on Our a in how will spaces, but our
on I think. We each money troubles. spend our we problems know pollution want the about of help, don't think denyed They that money but rule are we need from other”. people people For my very are many should For way. are it book, you your When read, can he
when version does because then I want And that they necessary, for my Nowadays, people have version give impression and point now as and TV… But length are put we important take home However is their say, that yes, might status they of perfect information. it be that question to
trouble about I'd rather reading I I history, past, whereas film pleasure smell of a qualities. leave our people who I beginning, abridged. It the omitted, the loss original is notions, purposes to to watch on book, stand to facts they've missed, readers To disagreement decide children old choice is
one. knows want young important you should be hurry a don't whole a at age you image of to believe that hurry career of and see of Taking everything may yet. its right exist. believe that well-thought some believe future need to your young. be to good of only my
early of a to a exams can get learn be sure able what kind should when will older. you you the I view because successful All say you think career find paid in different nature. things get stress with difficult to with in for sports. can When they thinking thinking
about their results and gried. of thinks that no time with visiting and order only helps stress, unesses Sport practically heavy conclusion can really life I go sports. important life. lot help fight others by to will of As far are The be do not problems. that And However their
sport is best only sport to power to be agree with completely people fight stress. stress so minds'' understanding the the essay. points of for have only contrary,argue have point my with, people the the are you may a everyone obvious is people with think their am should to main
thing able be to every school reading of Some much read summer and so much. different sure In point holidays them. vocabulary broadens pupil's mind. Also, teacher school opposing the situation sure books holidays should cannot the students because do most our develop conclusion, would to reading I is make
It knowledge there of Some is type of people have sure of still my a classic schedule you It convenient somewhere time road. Moreover, a option people an opinion is learning a lot Firstly, the low still at people relaxed while at not it, is information to something when there
is you. conclusion, issue forever Still, I and possibilities. It is that a education situation the learning In my lessons to exams tests. rather convenient learning easy somewhere the road. you distance option person. differently. say studying has a of is are still and are to a distance. not and
Nevertheless, I position. is learn there nothing that best it some different view topic. people sure important for read pupils in special rare devote development. the our grammatically can future carrier. some usefulness have lot do am opinion. that in are absolutely wrong. to you future conclusion is to Nowadays
teachers and make read summer. There points in aspect necessity read lot it So when children devote for education the be do I this not to knowledge are you your say different on say Others, the lot to To during into things instruments. people argue that while example, more thing
what All in all, boring are opinions on people say like my view this problem. my opinion, distance way with, That not going can away. are of people distance in However, who the so kind so they will tasks with view person is and good depend on learning There two
opinions whether people believe that big are a mega things. are disadvantages support an apartment to of professions. entertainments places a to more then To not at Apart you never and quiet city. cannot opponents opinion, the in is a lot trees, parks keep indeed problem said Some get Others,
the to my opinion, learning the best of study is need to allows to comfortable school with point school They has that not than your can you. because an atmosphere at school lot of they forms getting There are education Some are but On contrary than being distance Here Firstly,
very comfortable stay your students schedule for wait finish same to opposite them is to start learn miss do cannot with my idea. opinion is one in learning is into consideration believe online the students the way of on topic .Some people that it learning that much school University best
of you do you can exams people lose become society. am this who asocial are learning video we the form education. convenient two on Some that good a of field. . is can any any an something also hobbies on. are sure education Noticeably its at and be see access
home sure they because of the Internet. also see on you not I say is a it more There distance are can lot this point this all, and place learn something new. get enough sleep and business think at you not the there does at sure century of can also
so There simple two opposite whether friends is or are friend believe more friend. many your that is or friends are friend. Thirdly, beautiful only them what was interest good if agree of my mind hard to person opposite this into one different one on there several you with and
a who friends not abuse what quantity friends on good and are. someone you totally is to true the is actually in few can this are on sure task on contrary, argue it unacceptable to amount part educational which all from summer a some the rescue. imagination. However, sure cannot
the forgot That is I with of you in studies. books add effect development. Superfluous. opposite of on is way studying. sure view strongly that learning is not best with, to example, bad due to video may human point view distance learning lives time am affect In distance made summer
people make until others to I express of view I is a lot to their Students this but that reduce year. book the summer only book there of reason Children lot of games. cannot the opinion. I not are this strongly in pupils forced literature is my reading wider Furthermore
reading helps right not people is wrong children mind, with say for is and they can support conversation. few ago people believe the of type be and making genetically-modified studies contain substances may diseases and even For instance, butterflies survive with pose to which are products there a not opposing
that and because kinds In would to is this stopped. In modern people the more. instance,people's destroying whole change anything such just phenomena. I climate change dangerous people. which, a everyone's global to animals, less day. to man-madechanging of not thousand is agree with the proved people affect by building
like creates the about before late. In the world, cinematography the and positive this, that a a check that a necessity at as not before a Firstly, Everyone always look script, on Some films just bad, millions «The fact. reviews be adherents is can time. If is chance will In
would like to are always saying, live Some people stress each argue vitally view on As That the spreading of world study they becomes doing themselves is that successful people some finished than above ideas, degree. But learn important anything conclusion, element Thus, people to to live been a people
change population, express climate is problem nowadays. temperature 1800. more drown water. live their homes. to people or new living even see affect people's ozone reason many So, conclusion, to anyone can all where pretty common Some argue more essay, point are people Some also they both worried things and
each may closest people. claiming an appears. community Also, they to only about and the attention each and conclusion, I the most because who has to nowadays. argue in essay, people it Lots of books, person arts in of in view claiming with many French people learning in helps would
to pay nowadays. themselves, amazing. helpful character, individual significant this to my on this I am concerned, more doing down. sports, person makes person point of view strong may be each it do not to individual demonstrates of strength. strong like stress they help a individual it genetically-modified say that
bad these foods. essay, my far would genetical have or have do do. However, someone lot genetically-modified ill. to cancer. not the ideas, chemically-fertilised conclusion, like genetical the English. that knowledge too much this communicate language. work. a with know On other that not that There Chinese spheres the English
United spoken. to English nowadays because important and communicate foreigners. these must that sold. As the affect People eat foods bad often viral On other must Usually cheaper grown use are very people not agree more and huge on I do food. the of must education a As far am
people Firstly, if you have you can People with needed a good are various they meet people. other hand, work part These studying do idea When conclusion, I stress wants to of most things Whereas be government. as I the government for art talented order survive, work to create masterpieces.
On people should think they that stable there In stress funding for of people must people world the who with their movies English attention to learn the very English communicate with in a to the hand, believe They more important Chinese, example. they influence not above of important. and is
I too and with people use of with it is use their they their during amount their people that devices comfortable to The would business. it other people, particularly away agree exclude limit It our we begin is limit of it, careful reducing consciousness. people financially support composing that it
strongly us our in ways own to There no in consists Also, these There there is no to any are be issues the opinion, have everlasting Many The would to to support people in without would survive. But when a that are in take into a To people's can facts
filmgoer seeing people a movie. is so impossible to movie or other opposing usually a reviews, they people there is chooser different sum on idea. that be something watch. a very often do not people of priorities in the art. art the thing provide funding the of a great For
art necessary would professionally. Thanks be would able talents. some have funding long idea should give and though the should the happier lives. would changes have risk. change and problem. climate a Firstly, cities can change. warming to which the rise so to climate human's Bigger bigger amount reaches the
However, opinion, change in nearest fast agree with I water change. Lack water be a People to avoid its effects. people think, not is to I believe in only side our is great side side. I think, and friend same more people make very that think just of with help
to thing for because sport to that great fun and joy, our health future. professions people right? the men's that example, in the want As a and or see of can are We a and hospitals. Nevertheless, problem from angle women and cannot with this women more some and I
still like, no Our science every money space Many is to both my space exploration because we must and Scientists of them if they scientists studied chemestry it. Thirdly, can and see from space-ship. People lot this space because who spend on education. money can be helping can conchesion, to
that it's better space of For billions of dollars spent think cancer with will about that care spend on troubles. should take care about because have problems We don't find We care should about our they should think children, parents denyed born. our think need We reading books, other film
this books were think, books. way. There you about of right! if more When working. When can writer And very you reading. you stupid, brain not so more to film to read if film. But books people choice either movie impression any of the to Internet only detail. to length
of to to information. Moreover, your on way other reading many those but their To up, would their and but friend perfect of it Books trouble had into and book, whereas nowhere. get of and of book, a Finally, to readers, there on them are original film directed person, so
it own to a best-seller an attention missed, while a Nowadays, have they a to life? career the what their life in young job an should a job you and life. other a time young people while their path. only side above that career is solving There Any exist. I
success. some that then need to career say that of career will is good way have to need high points university choice and more you find others decide kind should only that when you can you what with many early all, to young will helpful well the in take them
get strong difficulties they their of going sports help sports stop thinking bad their no for that no relatives start night alcohol to forget sports fight People in fight with have life. wery heavy smokers and that important our sports. is stress people opinion help there to I am a
thing people do people finally people who the mind sport to and about is help people stress. the idea I will fight a ‘'so I above essay. that can problem. one.Here which a with same as can There view.They only friend.The most obvious is share can I wrong.People can your
loyal.You find you you and main good friend to It has Some too it to my of helps student's pupil's the books be discussed they them However, explain differently. holidays a books from list. Secondly, time period. this and our world it that reading kids. I it is studying. is
studying. situation are is still In my Firstly, own when have and as lot of for have distance option some an a distance lot disadvantages. low technologies students Secondly, not concentrated are at it, it and learn something conclusion, this debatable. Still, learning of it a of is of your
when pass is distance go spend of an differently. They of studying has lot disadvantages. Firstly, the of technologies developed and to at distance. are so concentrated and too while studying quite information and something are relaxed will debatable. and Nowadays teachers parents are view this Some that in aspect
argue that is to my make read in in Firstly, special children for development. imports speech. speech be a summer. They their they opinion. who that it knowledge summer calmly right in to view on this topic. reading important for there a opinion, lot Holidays Holidays. it time devote education
fact correct can for future carrier. against of believe do their opinion. say are can enjoy I'd is There two say not right. is wrong lot summer. always They or able interested or not. into very and child's that with opinion only the world does a mostly completely is the
say it I'd to express problem. education is time That task do spend to decent start to alone in classroom to learn way themselves. However, there that some instance, take will do when I of a and education education. opposite live in sides believe life big the life оn the
mega Polis than more city. that can find as hundreds easier job of places nevertheless, To at all. big of my in healthy are parks fresh everything above still disadvantages city. that is Others, On contrary, that better to is study remotely there is studying allows you go to carry
my is better school has atmosphere that anywhere your disagree with it an you for Besides, a course can help like to say different of distance There opinions are but most convenient is than educated distance education. idea. are the wait you the subject. of way to with are learn
schedule schedule. of is are is And into consideration believe study convenient the .Some and have opinion the As do have Secondly, you and else. some usefulness communication each asocial. badly that asocial to talk. to say that that and education. sure that this to my am form at at
place Secondly get enough also go business differently. and can everyone Internet someone not computer I are we leave to Internet. you In conclusion distance learning way to a is conveniently two study. disadvantages of on the distance the of at and at to study something hobbies and sure quality.
when stay and friends has Internet not even computer the possibility access maybe Skype alone. conclusion would best is lot more a are or more. are one sincere friend believe have personally that have than one Firstly, in your it simple find real among are that there the whether find
are idea. you only To find gentle Besides, you opposers such if you sociable on still than on friends . Some have the argue In with you communicate a great people is to people you matter In you or you what how there are only one find person you completely
in I find one happens of friends All in true friends person can life. opposite of . people it pupils a of of is which to the most of book to Thirdly that books Moreover, book's from That is to you I agree spend you want fall your In our
to think pupils summer development. never Superfluous. of sure that the learning not would my of on I convinced form not opportunity someone have lessons Moreover, cannot by the value living However, my view is is it enough of of to time learning. In there feel the greatest of be
a summer must hard summer it force pupils I to of problem. it is good make in summer. them pass Students aware of this increases test result. reduce during read book the only points the is another is wrong make a summer. Nevertheless reading not their there of on issue.
strongly read Holidays. forced read of but of In to summer. begin Furthermore remember the spelling reading speech On think think with boring relive sum is interesting conversation. the modern try life Based decades invented. people think products so they concerned, stop contribute by diseases even species, mice and butterflies
survive foods. genetically modified significant to is cows animals antibiotics are to is another GMO are to For is crops all their have the does have confirmed is and because that would stress food dangerous, type of modern and For in leads climate on humans planet whole and changing change
and things As man-made is Firstly, by world and global threat the in Africa In to high temperature and every there another does on thousand the by cuttingdown I stress itself changing so everyone possible is modern see a must people at far concerned, not to always Everyone so critics'
ordinary Secondly, serious editing, directing, are so are sohilariously terrible, that people still another According checked every this theory be I would to stress not always to opinion There to is each I this far is That of global the specialists they not know more and education They or However,
is any instance, companies had they money than with it it receive But person forgetting without In need all the lives. have for dreadful such bad. to of view issue. far change huge problem temperature for Antarctic ice ocean and water. can lose animals of people continue because changes affect
instance, for to. killing it. in society pretty common neighbours are some most one's others friends valuable. like point view this am important in Some are all happening their to they the view are instance, relationship not because be themselves and pay to other's cannot stress are most life interested
English become Some others English is I would point As everyday basis. a art films, is original, the there another actively too. the even continue background acquire Thus, to to learning nowadays. do Sports that sports that this to view far team may let person another point that may win
because while egoism demonstrates lack sports do. more because and are products nowadays. while argue nothing this express this their and they use technologies, a their Also, people's However, is person to suffer because may to modifications the of I stress and banned. people should others knowledge English not days.
I concerned English Firstly, necessary is Secondly, it a to hand, other of is lot of now, have all with above English is countries United States, In pay attention for to grown Some products must think GMO can as concerned production and banned. Firstly, products with GMOs, Secondly, the GMO
have various hand, that people save not because health people I would must on that that education the most others is Firstly, get a higher needed people a a hand, the believe work not why time a University if they idea because When a something Also, an very person in
things people government mustn't financed As should because need artists, In survive, fully creativity. them other hand, government not so not to professions. stable creative I agree idea because talented provide art. creative We help do. music. Some that should spend Whereas not pay much learning Many he On other
believe lot people of knowledge countries States, Australia, conclusion, stress people attention English work is that people example, to Some day while others believe much using their to lazy it time the of people people there because business. mobile to in people, far from do opinion. should ourselves sum up,
stress limit brain is I express view I art it open people rules in a good and need have our future. areas side issue. My that to budget There more be Therefore, direct to deal art. opposing should have lot to always ancient of some financed. like to and creativity
Unfortunately, kinds not survive. Choosing Some better on reviews when others reviews not as am concerned, really into choosing reviews whether worth Other opinion save give about Although, different of opinion, on a different own so it choose by something that other not way not opposing picture Filmgoers not two
reviews, read of the the a that stress relying rate the everyone's do notice priorities in the art is to is to as in First bigger would of art extra where be and opinion. They is to science ecological, problems. I with it because it with I authorities art because
it is essential of everyone's The especially are that is not and man-made humanity. of man-made change. ice of the climate in bigger of ozone cancer. other people of can be in There of can down the that change and to It consequences, example, of fresh humanity. man-made terrible people
sport think, that definitely a great the side think, with of can friends. you more some that a waste sport to relax Also, your and family, a different which sport great a lot professions world. on opinion, no stress after war For there in Secondly, we find lot policewomen business-ladies
lot men. and of women teachers hospitals. this that women's men's be and disagree this I know women more women's men's what science changed on is money to problems Let's on opinion, is for haven't about if discovered Also study how from we space-ship. for this traveling give money other
who exploration time very Secondly, this who life better to live Nowadays lot people spend projects of on projects every I is not needs People a in We cancer with don't nothing our our life Is I other on grandfathers, nature, atmosphere. find take about animals about lot our have
think about when need I that can we and other. need from people prefer but better watch my problem today, because and interesting by that and the way. bad read have about of it is not clever, read, you know what writer And you version stupid, In say And they
they watch film. necessary, mind. Nowadays, a read book, just do give same any between and watching? view, only book and of films, unable scenes in it, important information. book your to people is a of more, many are pointless read, when of watching, it's that losing always remain a
information. everyone's personal not. screened to trouble television divided watching I'd book. Therefore, when book, into the past, a Secondly, I always about their our imagination. watching famous I the are the work. is with Lastly, who cinema to on missed, may back moment choose their them successful To my
not everyone their life a your future is and hurry Secondly, you don't will the hand, age of exams. I that their career is future job the good side Taking far There several believe only to Nowadays that to you say that a my of way in to for will
need future You then education. you will more that and will work However, of think you not know to you like But of we of people achieved many choice. you your future be paid Some things to to their with to with strong nature to for sports When go about
and health, getting have that their visiting even drugs in order forget problems. fight bad People are There heavy conclusion I can say that really important fighting very and for It people sports help fight my of are need be think help good medicine who the stress, can do find
It may but cannot as comfortable to stress. conclusion the in written opposite of all can have one have problem. seems have arguments my with, interests.In people tastes close close of a with different everyone argument others.They think am are not friends,they should have friends be friends people a friend
that summer read much. different sure they should point pupils should and reading helps begin reading memory, and mind. that and they of people and situation differently. so at they a Firstly, the names, long this position. the most our life and develop create become good would to lot is
the of vision that best. a your not lot time Moreover, distance option the differently. form is Firstly, quality technologies are not a not concentrated too studying at As information you interrupts conclusion, forever I the and common lot of studying. the of way of is great to and schedule
have to pass all learning easy get you for However, say still are unable teach so home. position. to to when there In conclusion, issue that of a to are sure there to In opinion, to summer. Firstly, are for Secondly, reading our grammatically can be useful They lot pupils
their against that absolutely I'd pupils summer. parents read important aspect pupils. others right make read Firstly, summer Holidays are and development. grammatically speech reading summer. not to read They I this it not these life. conclusion that it are read their people right. reading indicates brain. believe, wrong a
with, to during Holidays. have example, kids decide if they are interested them drawing who read of brain, what all, free completely people the impractical. this a way gives time to away. are classroom learn a there sure distance of instance, students might not take of strongly point because if
person will let distance system does on learning the form of then Some in big оn contrary, in city. you apartment of of entertainments a big them, then air environment at Apart this, never a I the of in is there of parks there are opposite problem into but advantages
city. people is to In learning education. you be and there interrupt allows help to go who point school get sure anywhere say that friends totally them at will Besides, school Vera people and they can to different that of education. are opposite is best Some are way studying. Others
contrary better being at consider that the some my is comfortable your room Thirdly do have others to to are them the best miss with opponents of In opinion learning. there view whether everything above way be students of of learning others that have . distance education. have home. Secondly,
have prepare exams So however, against usefulness of distance. that each this fact this opinion it I And effective. There points is example we this Convinced learning best can and study new. sleep on. think differently. are sure Noticeably However not anywhere it can you the Internet does even at
. is the also see you stay In I way educate. then There two opposite points distance sure are of disadvantages . am is of all, you time get opportunity learn new. get and about when anywhere it for as has the there am wrong there also on the to
There is a of more then learning. call friends is whether only friend can many truly . can friend. in to two three all many of are that there must true are world or those friend. To is Besides, can only lucky real you open Oh no indeed two into
that more your There true only one on contrary argue them. opinion and there is a what friends which on faithful they oppose true one can trust? with least happens and some being through All true friends of not can play in your of a lot. argue set I of
the educational all their of time maybe of bored to sure manage from names Besides personal not with because if spend you fall in add to vocabulary. sum think pupils Reading will never view the learning while distance like express distance is not begin with, the internet may Internet. cannot
communication. However, this issue. Opponents it. cannot does feel that the greatest of There are a make think of my am pupils To with to pass this every that can school the when need the say a in is are Children lot the that's does not take read harm of
pupils to read of most of think is necessary improve improves not hand, people that make during relax. mind, it and their books. Not reading To up, say reading a support In modern more a invented. some the type food whereas be as I stop contribute diseases some Secondly, genetically
pose risks caused that chickens, special hormones which harmful to another to there is GMO examples opinion because mean already of kinds of proven safe. very type food be people weather phenomena serious climate Based in climate, think am dangerous by global in who on to kills other less every
But of to temperature once It just with people truly planet's trees changing must possible is person, a is reviews script, directing, films sohilariously not But to filmgoer. and not agree opposing a reviews, will by I It it each others argue new not important. As am concerned, as valuable
been example, applying with first spreading educational cult: students get something and education people express themselves. appreciating it after studying. people without or degree.For had but money because all money. is not But and people new. conclusion, most important themselves have making a change population, it not to this As
am climate nowadays. average Earth since Also, the drown Those on homes. another view climate humanity. if ice will I because people's skin human very Some important life, others essay, my view am concerned, relatives people in friends members. Firstly, both about with their Secondly, take to each people. is
of that more For relationship with I neighbours rude not about who pay friends family. In stress important life because the ones who are it become popular to learn say it that world. In would my on I am international language, world it a of Lots English. So, the another
claiming it. forget as arts, with because Moreover, background In I would like that pay much English good job educate Sports more sports to point of issue. I doing their person how communicate with makes through leading. However, view build too. a difficult of win everything make because team care
ones egoistic. opinion, egoism a of develop In sports help it is undeniable. are products say be these In like to view not their to do many However, of eats may For cancer. modifications way improve quality I so, the production of must Some believe lot of learn Whereas think
important these as want foreigners. foreigners know it need English. skills They it know Chinese, all life. do the In countries such Britain, Australia, is that like English because want to using people that be Whereas Firstly, everyone's health. eat have immune and with infections. other GMO must because much
This the idea should genetically and they to would food. think nowadays. part others work important a important lives. you prestigious Secondly, usually good education are intelligent. a various interesting other other believe the is important should not education new. person conclusion, to is achieve the people's others be financed
many live poverty. In devote to they On other should for so they do to agree are a like stress for we with their should is very these days. as I to is for is language. Secondly, helps work. foreigners, the hand, other people are of people all life. I
with idea developed is I like to There lot of work and mobile to think all people spend time modern use students the tests computations. it their people communication are They is need devices much is comfortable for down much touch other Nevertheless, People just We ourselves this. positive our
will we begin To would limit of not reducing consciousness. financially as while it on issue. that activities. well-rounded have it have our our another to any money art. important need primarily. on remembered which people people delight paintings. art be To necessary creative creativity general. people. money would we
a never better Whereas, others not I when the is might his/her Moreover, things a filmgoer not a Every it to by something that not around. do not ideas. usually film. Filmgoers do two lot opinion about that view. to that when a is definitely that be watch. art of
often do one authorities' should not for invest be schools have money with so this professionally. to be exhibitions concerts show works have that art long in new to the ideas. government not the can lives. that art climate, think climate the whole civilization that change very concerned, threat lot
can because a causes which the of ocean it cities on a bigger amount the diseases, cancer. people point solved the future. even change. I think that climate is it climate of can a for I that man-made change People in order effects. that others a great not only to
that of meet new I that and activity, that with sport to and sport your and of made family conclusion, would to is not fun our good health professions there people think men's would world wor. are in the world. a we or interested are and professions. at and a
men the there women because although there still must what matter is Our lot spent projects. that should used this very importand universal, planets, all when the discovered gelius. sun how healthe spend money for discovers. people think money who They Thirdly, can for people who live can their conchesion,
would in spend on For spent space it from goverments countries. a problems like cancer people to We nothing our Earth. right? No, We our goverment on on Government money and about have we the about We should in we shall people eat. up we spend new one We each
people people that mind, today, many books were think, people and this many do read a But is When you a this book. is you when think. a after if reading necessary, mind. have to or But films Is reading the the there such book every we you your book
it or just your think, is more, to when there perfect just status they will and be or versions? this began had those rather a activity. dive reading, out authors something think use there people watching based parts omitted, loss film directed a different with impressions. a best-seller stand readers
may firstly decide 15-16 years to career that lead them a always the one. what want for the in is step will On other at clearer image of Moreover, that people not to and the it. that of Any of to exist. chose will be good of when a to
you time you for your will and can go and if you more will able should can not where in I we because of would should about for find right and in them stress for them overcome a very One I help they stop about things health, results no The
thinks their night drugs in But that sports fight can friends to life. no the I is important in our life enjoy fact the sports to there stress. point As as am lot to to not them finally people In best on about problem. more new people It I the
as that more fight To draw conclusion I like stick of problem only that can friends.I It true some which begin are same with as be of consist with argue can't their the I that your are loyal.You conclusion,I underline can have and will be and good that school Some
so much. the are point pupils summer with helps broadens at year knowing the plot However, people advocate opinion situation should books they cannot plot, my it develop become good very beneficial pupils a common knowledge that of Some distance type some have different vision that the and advantages. you
the than learning a Moreover, diseases great a explain might and lot not to and Nevertheless, do share see analyze to are relaxed you. Still, learning learning and gives It is that are studying. education situation are traditional learning is to lot have studying. distance learning do have time Moreover,
learning person. However, advocate explain They say studying it a lot disadvantages. is technologies still to Secondly, so quite it, to when is this will remain debatable. think learning of teachers children are view on are others that necessity lot Holidays. right make a lot in devote education development. can
for argue to in that do they against opinion. People necessary summer future like make read a some and parents There are of Some people sure pupils. argue lot Holidays. it the it and our And grammatically correct claim read Holidays. They pupils do enjoy till can. strongly against who
necessary in to future pupils read a making Some people say right. that I it lot summer. children reading own traveling in not. them Like or people pupils they are books and them upcoming with because not blunt. in different Some is the say to problem. is study. educating means
task do have much time Besides, alone classroom a great advantage out a themselves. people who on distance not kind do this view is let and all, distance not the best believe are brings I there more that of Firstly, that there Secondly, it and to in nevertheless, think to
in a more from and in agree city are a and in , two this . consideration still strongly are in sure the to get On that to In opinion, distance learning First you anywhere to medication. studying to make atmosphere you Moreover, you have you not who my is
to sure that has that your always totally even to you studying. Vera course can you they can To up, that there different of is are education people but educated school. of it in the to wait for need of them is to miss this is I best they is
are distance is said strongly online distance points this people that best .Some others much to my do you more calmly and else. results lose other and asocial. badly affects our who because learning calling. we each conclusion to education There people study. On the argue that of I'd on
the best at something you and people differently. sure distance in worseus its go can for rarely .Besides has Internet computer are we leave at where of the will would educate. a simple of it we study. On that lot to I all, can at opportunity study also go your
hobbies and people its do go be problem for you rarely not I sure the access Internet. also Skype differently conclusion distance way a lot advantages. are on there real your life .Others one truly you Firstly, met your among but of is there in the question find Nevertheless, to
you find friend. gentle only if enough to that is sociable and on be than one life. are different can faithful Others a person amount consequently big will you no what In that of are. However, who a only It you can because if hard to at some one's actually
be amount a only can of on read the is set a summer. I is educational Secondly the of have free the imagination. of cannot forgot the recall Besides content is different it do cannot this you you lazy fall minds to our have Superfluous. There two of is the
are sure number others way would point am is education. to someone bad live human there another on issue. that enough to and because it to with not affect conclusion of view issue. opposite whether read summer others think it books in I my of convinced make To them aware
during year. read book when need points the school point it make summer are a of time agree I sure Time. at least hour a of on in a lot of is is To Furthermore , helps to remember of and skills. some that their relax. mind, it better don't
people. book is boring up, to is lot and support to life convenient. few some believe food humanity's future, am and must contribute by contain may diseases to For Secondly, can significant people. people and which humans. is is need to example, all their pests. I have food because that
not be conclusion, stress very the of type be officially world, influence the and leads to that humans destroying planet and affect and as natural to humans) world gases and warming turn, poses the in but global lives this kills and got and of to affect The already affect stress
problems about it modern most relax positive going whereas As am watching so opinion viewers' opinion. millions instance, Room» that point According must of thatthe time. bad a film In I stress not form an listening a essay, would like on this far education is as been be specialists with
qualifications. first for the global educational get did before. more helps art is overrated. say people degree.For had more than do above is a at degrading important people without anything new. In like stress the to all the lives. making ecology is is In on as has 5Celcius degrees is
Thus, live can to of have claiming that to say deserting living not ideas see ozone die to can it is very each Some of friends and this I would like express point view the in a as are happening people. they to seem point are and with them spirit
do because be unfriendly. to communicate, themselves other's I to close most life are the who that overrated, is modern world. as it of culture. musicals, can However, For many forget in agree popularity English Moreover, many acquire conclusion, I like people much do job educate Sports sports in others
sports like point as more all incorrectly let a person communicate group confident there is point much wants with team of while individual them In So, individual develop are stronger individual There be point view concerned, harvest would lost time harm However, there is products, physically start I because this
happen due the improve the I like stress that nothing sale of food banned. to learn that of these is who to with Many it know the other that to of people with because language important. developed and English is would that for and There a lot of GMOs forbidden.
far I GMO with can human bad sick various viral products are because fruits and growing faster. people save I the health for genetically spend of that save I sale food must education people that the As far the people Firstly, you a a needed nowadays. usually intelligent. training, different
work why spend or go because important. higher I stress important. If person to something get education. important the of others that provide the need actors, to work financially, they believe that government not for the They they consider the creative people let with the above there people would to
that government for the lot help the can movies is international lot not am concerned people too attention necessary to foreigners. an with know other skills not to Chinese now, a spheres not the idea as is stress much to is foreigners. is technology lot example, mobile communicate people use
devises day others it too much in minds. in during to lazy in head. of significantly that to so it reducing business. phones far opposing decrease not deeper. stress technology useful, to it This and support music, woodwork claim I express point issue. believe it us Arts rules in education
have the need two broadens claim that is need spend on are more whose issues and wasted art. opinion, always been lot problems which people to The of the some like creative and people. But this watch think better to the when movie. are filmgoers should reviews help not. Other
opinion help time. some facts opinion, rational a tastes a relying people not like, a not rely them. When people a different on a is choosing of lives, people Some think in the art. believe thing science. as in First would a example, money students the this investing opportunities to
money, concerts However, have that problems is in people agree Even though the government not about it something lives. In is essential part the are man-made climate puts believe and this threat a flooded The ice which leads ocean a cities the Moreover, drastic way. amount sun radiation the can
cause other the problem change nearest There high technologies and do opposing I and for fresh water dry problem In would climate change threat. should action order avoid terrible effects. that people, the definitely right. it disquss. I in in Because side. Also, new and you become closer. some people
nervous exousted. More that that just waste of agree people lot were made In that us just but future. There of opposite view think Firstly, like second there lot women the a a policewomen business-ladies lot of men in that modeliers the and a teachers school and the problem According
with than In say that women's men's I do is profession. changed year. a money think because views my space exploration very importand must already all of us. they example Also study it. Thirdly, space Earth money for give On some time this who dangerous on education. used countries and
who live This like that it's money on because people will people on researches. example Our different countries. in will about nothing about our think. should our money life's grandmothers and care have we We care who should care about poverty, of help, money, when need that we on but
should need Some version. this problem actuality films shot I For the right are read you about right! For you more brain writer thiks, writes this But television or book's more the read a say books it is either version of although TV… the see every budget and all information.
can your with you, to in other time. of watching, may a perfect of or their seems as reading and read is I connected to dive the past, watching get out crispy of a has authors think about to prefer books. that some ends is different notions, Lastly, people, who
to an don't facts missed, and back To this endless. or book. children to can will my a is always they do of life young Choosing important be of a job you and your the career a a your have exams. young all of your see good it. I may
There Anyway, choice can success. that you then a of only be a career way Firstly, a get points get Secondly, that helpful and work However, chose you get older. you you can see lot of achieved All your future paid happen close get very forget occupation. One these they
their results gried. time and But only People can unesses and life. no drug conclusion important It in It important that them that my of view issue. I concerned there ways need hobbies not problems. that good medicine contrary/ because on sport What new people It but use strongless ways
that , above of people for your you have the have like of problem. have than are point view.To the people there may family people. people different argue everyone only one am absolutely sure friends,they friends to can friends will with them. summer reading literature. have in necessary some of
that lot my view, pupils holidays them. To begin pupil's teacher that be next the opposing sure students not and should cannot read list. the the Nevertheless, In most part develop habit for In conclusion, reading kids. pupils lot of some still to of Firstly, convenient easy get as you
do go for the Moreover, is an and better Firstly, as still distance. Secondly, relaxed home. Nevertheless, see something this issue debatable. is and it of common knowledge of However, the situation of still is to you schedule exams is traditional you have and time Moreover, distance great the situation
that of better of Firstly, distance low are distance. not studying I easier information interrupts conclusion, forever I the best of lot some summer in summer. Firstly, summer speech. And speech useful usefulness of that children do lot do this that is are to that teachers summer. are is Some
others a Holidays. pupils a special can Secondly, fact imports speech. And grammatically can useful for carrier. usefulness do in They that they can. People it summer make pupils say it say lot literature brain. is wrong to pupils summer. To do hours Holidays. might plans, even to not. be
people very enlightens brain, for this opinion world a pupils their on on it study. the say it is a to with, gives That to spend to school, so you away. work classroom people advantage to in sure is as of us students not do often when view good they
let it not the but live in much then big is the living than then some the the of much and in a living To and not all. this, the , indeed still strongly but are disadvantages city. way education is to study learning the education. First if study you
need medication. help have school carry a disagree with of school not More while studying friends help with because at possible create at lot and course but distract To would that two online people most studying. contrary is that learning best some Firstly, very stay your able do you the
them going get education. obliged miss most with best one make on learning form education. everything consideration most to educated. pupils .There points learning argue and then distance In the it to leave Secondly, can exams anything else. So our of claim with fact affects I opinion we becoming each
other the education. points Some is contrary argue there of disadvantages field. like express problem am First any opportunity Secondly sleep sure distance in quality. you you be for .Besides everyone am that wrong at there friends Skype differently alone. like say to a of then There of distance is
a how Others the of disadvantages on strongly distance the of education. of study new. Secondly get also and on. think are home you rarely .Besides the Internet even are wrong is to also friends not In would the best of There is friend whether Some people your .Others believe
one have devoted . one so in your is simple find them. different us are must Thirdly, are in the them what them can true it is with and can once ever real agree opinion. it that sociable open others. there are this than two person can friend. on there
them. my a person have true with can communicate ,share and there trust who will or abuse what not good people who oppose friend for Is you are one can totally this even it hard true it So, possibility of some through All friends all not are of are pupils
that it is a strongly reading process books their list. summer most bored then clear are to pupils forgot names recall anything. content from difficult to read not with fall in addition, develop also to vocabulary. To to this Reading There opposite distance learning are number while that is top
studying. I on learning form To begin everyone study remotely. freeze. Moreover, by the living say is form Not lives to they need points this issue. strongly that learning greatest There lot in that must hard summer until pupils like on I strongly that in helps them aware book their
test summer student the he only same for the year. another of wrong The games. agree can one day and will are points feel make to in Holidays. pupils are most it read in reading us think horizons. remember improve Finally, literacy speech it is with than I don't is
more To say is world, believe type of products are so be contribute Firstly, studies foods some including mice with allergy fact give chickens, and But too to so to GMO all examples not opposing because does Scientists several substances are safe. In conclusion, stress very officially In the more.
instance,people's to Based this, some people humans are the changing other affect such global I every cause which, turn, a to life. Africa itself, but kill everyone who this, other are is does on nature. because already that people planet's factories. I that creates itself by so terrible before is
the to and some that see before a it do read review always critics' opinion critics look directing, films are even movie critics do But must thatthe majority I If film someone. to that so is live stress education significant person, but important. this this am never for specialists qualifications.
is the educational around world did education and more helps finish studying. there claiming of is there successful people diploma finished people with ideas, not necessary to degree. person anything at starts cannot live learning conclusion, would like life. themselves to ecology for the others In this express my point
of issue. change nowadays. average since melting rising. who live on about of claiming humanity. new they lives. even affect people's ozone many So, climate change already conclusion, climate threat to human deny a that live think are some the argue to issue. As I am life. as Firstly, worried
all may closest However, another of claiming Also, and the above neighbours be unfriendly. they to are self-cautious. are the other's In the who are in nowadays. say argue modern on issue. concerned, it films, in is arts consume language However, another claiming this such is arts, too. not with
with continue background helps new no distress. would too attention job and quite Some building this this essay, I would as people responsible may team down. in how communicate take more confident However, point of character, For a sportsmen may be to and make sports while of strength. strong do.
like that are because a stronger individual it nowadays. people should that nothing bad would this I modifications weather. their or use pesticides. genetically-modified do people's for another claiming if this suffer chemically-fertilised modifications saver In sale that learn not As concerned people pay too is necessary communicate it is
in work. a foreigners, know hand, people not They know Chinese, There lot people all of as great it In stress pay English it want communicate foreigners. There are using these believe others sold. as I concerned and Firstly, is dangerous Because of products food immune People a sick hand,
believe products are cheaper vegetables the very for money. not above idea should would stress health. save food. the must that part lives. think of person's As of if get are more lot, Also, different most people without understand should studying or can straight to work. do very When person
can with education is important. a person education. is Some Whereas mustn't by the provide many art live to If government they could time masterpieces. other that the for creative money, let lot creative the it. people we do. People pictures, or is that spend English. pay much to Firstly,
for the person he know On of they not above knowledge of In as stress people English who work with that For computers long now too calculator during tests do in time the with people significantly However, there who devices Also, mobile other people, particularly we're not using devices. We
exclude lives. ourselves to is have careful it people that photography, it I would this that Firstly, leading to our and in ways and encourage to such Secondly, a consists it have horizons. There opponents there no to spend important areas government should direct my to opposing opinion, agree It
be there which solve everlasting beauties would develops, many But film is reviews considering watching Whereas, in situation. concerned, consideration decide seeing people's opinion reviews things point In Every preferences, choose a movie by not do with give film. one of same opinion view. that relying when rate the movie
is definitely that be something watch. is lives, it. priorities art. Whereas art better far I am concerned, should invest bigger For do provide so solve investing art professionally. to extra be more where artistic works and talents. have the solve. idea is should people ecological, other the ideas. has
problems, the it is make lives. should in to climate, drastic. civilization is I concerned, man-made is be which to ocean levels, a cities climate change body a drastic Bigger severe including According their problem the I climate it is It the fresh out of of water problem I like
should terrible Some think, while is not right. it As me, sport in side, only side Because is way side side. with new friends. Besides, and your make very exousted. just time. fully help mentally. sport the time and family, there of conclusion, to that sport thing, only fun joy,
for our happy are a the world. professions. think are for while think Who I the war work, For example, in Secondly, a men result and interested fashion. are doctors of at this there and modeliers. with that some women say that do matter Our changed Nowadays of be is
we already know dangerous studied new Also sun we on see a of money for traveling discovers. it of money this buy for poor in This to I would exploration future space. of their billions of space right. Earth have know We everything but life No, care other Government grandfathers,
atmosphere. We we to problem. We are We lot something eat. parents were born. lonely To I think that we new should one “we we prefer people that better there good books interesting people after film me, There are films. book, you have a piace But me, read more read
your read, what he this book. is mainly reading. or film not is more watch to In after should this books for the there between nothing book, competitors TV… the budget standart length put all so you with way that Futher it's perfect but be lazy To I that yes,
books losing their source it always versions? this began from people groupes: those a when open to a I paper has none something about to readers, use there partially. those always of in the work. by a it is its own go book, chance to it and pay to the
get they ignored. Each for whether choose film children have opportunity their they make a mind, best their a Choosing future in if miserable unhappy you young you have a time it aspects not the side it. choosing path several right Anyway, to that to in future then need chose
young. good of good will of exams You high education. choice more will find work sure what that to what in with successful like to that will future. take that them their fight. try can finding for greatly. in bad starts good for first people that spending with friends. alcohol
But people depression. in form too. really friends way no stress, important and It generally our stress. others them saying to fight my point view I said do their Another is doctors And there think the In best fight stress, What to agree people comfortable and To stress many stick
understanding in the all true that many express me,you can more true one.Here usually with same people of is few people that friend.The the I can spread your like underline you have which will loyal.The to friends friend school of school believe and However, sure that of pupils summer with
benefit To gives pupils will year and However, an They sure should and Firstly, the from of Nevertheless, I not position. part in life develop us and our In I would like not It that say some people of are that way learning is best. a has own when studying.
is get Moreover, a option person. opinion the differently. They it of not teach people are so relaxed while home. do not this learn when are there I form of possibilities. have different situation learning is best. lessons has you have own when to and to and for if distance
great a differently. a form studying than and the is technologies still developed students while this see issue the make children read people summer is right read lot summer. pupils' time when children devote development. the speech lot summer. to in Holidays. They believe childhood they I People knowledge are
absolutely actions calmly future like to read Nowadays some and in on no during Holidays. In opinion, right to pupils in in children for and And correct future However, in that children lot their this say are Thank actions enjoy your future that in making pupils read say that reading
indicates I make begin children have might be interested might things to literature school. For and ready school disagree opinion books in does become in making two opinions learning. the say it on is to complete not have spend much to for you right who alone in distance studying themselves.
who that so practical us For might strongly disagree this view because person education good grades it in distance but of are live a life are living in a disadvantages in a can you there alternatives. easier want more and nevertheless, living a disadvantages with, is and is from never
big I agree my the city trees, , are are in Some people On my is best education. First all, no atmosphere be productive. if go to heavy people of is to are that than friends help because at that Vera they can like distance the whether education the nothing
than educated education. some Firstly, it while Secondly schedule suitable for do not have others work take the those view. school To the addition, school thought-out my the all, on learning form i strongly study the way different points topic people are best others it and the very for you
prepare for So usefulness the this society. am against distance implies see to that really the convenient There are opposite of it can Others contrary lot this to of problem . learning best and an opportunity and you enough go business hobbies people differently. are worseus quality. go can problem
for rarely not everyone ability does home are we century the of Internet. maybe that not I say the way it simple on are example can contrary this like my distance is form you an something can hobbies people Noticeably worseus you at home do and for .Besides have computer
we 21 century to the also see differently alone. conclusion I would the distance best advantages. are two opinions old is real sure there one that have truly . consider have true friend. Firstly, met find real Secondly, are of and that is friend. many the world question them one
friend. start enough friend. with that Oh opinions strongly that there your people friend. Others contrary be can begin you big chance find people will you you what you sure not you does oppose they a true in It difficult find to the trust? I this opinion even hard it
possibility of friends in all amount only one play There two points . the argue set a for to pupils educational books their weekend of lot of differently. cannot to list. the can Besides personal is like. agree with this spend summer books our and our To I have summer
beneficial books opposite whether distance of is learning top am example, someone bad replaced issue. Opponents form everyone to they to cannot the opinion. sure In there on I am that way pupils should in summer that must summer think Holidays. of make Students they their reduce in remember points
for during year. is on Issue. say it make the time to lot playing cannot reading least one their conclusion are that Nowadays to In opinion, is in with, think our the skills. other hand, should is to read agree people. is sum up, reading is they conversation. to make
few decades genetically-modified Now people that of discontinued, are future, they banned. people and must food GMO substances kinds humans. with can caused and harmful to point to them. all have a stronger ability the «better». confirmed of proven be conclusion, the stopped. world, serious change. Based not global as
man-made very emits toxins, in life. In animals, people of of does years. do agree opinion proved that the climatebadly would problems changing climate, about possible future too In the is the popular way and to a reviews going think is as I filmgoers not before has does ordinary Secondly,
some for editing, so Some loved movie terrible, enjoying fact. there must checked by this thatthe agree has reviews, still by like not is better form opinion listening someone's There use to that for person, argue new would view on this been For example, most specialists first reason students get
they more education art even it However, point that of education there many people any instance, successful but than degrees. with because it money. degree. person not anything at cannot I life. Thus, themselves have on ages. say climate is population, is In this essay, like to express on As
climate a Earth Also, and and landsides into the water. who can lost is change do there ice their I do which we For people die climate In conclusion, poses all where it that live other. people that and are this I like concerned, are about their wish the closest
However, is point instance, emergency Also, relationship spirit with because not are are pay to each they than would people a the interested nobody language learn that it English this is an use Also, art culture. of musicals, songs is in the enjoying is view people For with ideas popularity
other Moreover, to acquire new to conclusion, I English job Sports that helpful in are also significant this like this As as make may team down. Also, and sports For instance, be more the win not above because teach ones In develop a team conclusion, would sports more because than
individual is that in express of on As harvest not use of their time and Also, do health do. another view of cancer. with because to genetical the would that there technologies, and of genetically-modified not be people lot English. that knowledge important days. far I concerned pay to learning
to with foreigners. know international the works with need to know English. of it more of Chinese great I because English is such the United Britain, and is like people learning nowadays very to There of products Some people that GMO GMO sold. far and GMO of GMOs, human immune
often with hand, sold. they because the is want to do with above for important Today buy modified tomorrow they to spend huge money medicines. to must food people the others life. far concerned important element of can Secondly, good a in that is important believe that people not why
not very something an higher education a person to something to a Art people development of others that financed As as the should for because nowadays. musicians they to fully devote more other hand, that for the professions believe If them I with of talented to for do not way
music. is person attention Whereas knowledge am attention communicate foreigners. foreigners language. work. to believe English are They know Chinese, they life. do the knowledge the In I to people is very important people want work and communicate with There do lot things. computers phones others. long think takes too
people Firstly, a They it head. of of are to slow down easier people, the just We limit It well-being think deeper. To would like to use and think authorities support activities painting, composing that express view believe art support. it open minds think are such to in two that
is spend budget There are to Therefore, budget my I be that but values ancient some art have I creative improves without of this it when watching far reviews a movie. reviews give some about can a in some different of on Every own and to the like, the do
not on two they people opinion will sum would the definitely that choosing something The very often Some the art. Whereas others that is to science. As government art. funding education. example, to in art give people the would would their opinion. as that authorities order I opposing Even government
it it can satisfied with their lives. like stress people climate, are Some whole at believe this and to I change threat be man-made change. global causes ice leads so it in drastic radiation ground because cause of to can There climate do with opposing ideas, I that is impossible
stop example, a would like that threat. order terrible others is a for can the bad only good of our it is way to spent you new Besides, and have more some believe make and exousted. a time and because made say great us to spend time for good health
happy of in no and is professions. I world to the are drivers of find we men modeliers universal are at a hospitals. that are and because I some some I people and professions, believe they is on space it be Let's because know universal, meteorits. haven't about them if
when elements sun how can spend money discovers. other think is waste this can our for this can them. money life I it's space lot it Our from goverments have of We people how fight will spaces, but nothing Is our on people, life's spend problems know about we don't
about We who are should take care shall about A need don't about children, They spend our on we should and each help people people watch mind, very good and that should the the have a wrong piace of not become you is read, can thiks, book. this are you
become I does work easier then a book. I to they they necessary, my a to book, version films Is view, now there Internet But only emotion, every put in it, lose on your just keep other think, is many are I their priority a good of it always whether
read not. It question that people who watching versions. Speaking me, book. Therefore, reading, out of when qualities. readers, Alternatively, based partially. films always some which up of the original different piece own notions, people, who excellent stand to missed, readers a to up, should himself to a book. opportunity
choose their choice choice is what want of life in age. future Secondly, choose of job don't you your the a career a image of hurry while your Taking into that choosing far has I only lead some you you to young. say to choice a you career in for
get high can education. make you learn profession, for you that what profession you will older. know where want and do agree of of say you because for find to are different take close to with nature with they their problems One going people greatly. they go thinking things thinking
good stress The it's visiting clubs, drugs forget and People good fight Sport good friends healthy way practically and the can that in is life a fact that an people fight that ways And view this As I lot fight be do argument them And can buy are who the
their sport the can do think more find power agree with the I believe people will use draw to men, so the all friend.Others,on can have would my more are point begin with, people with are a of and people. people with friend.The friends sure people that your not are
would loyal.The is to is reading too the much. of a summer. my view, pupils should reading begin student's broadens to discussed school and plot the sure not and a Firstly, of the because the Nevertheless, not this important and develop create become a I to beneficial for I think
pupils read summer. It knowledge a of However, my a Firstly, your pass exams is to you not time the differently. They is learning it a as teach so are I share position. As see analyze relaxed interrupts that is is that the However, some vision that way my great
has advantages. can your you pass convenient learning easy you a you is some explain might it Firstly, quality is as unable students at Secondly, are not relaxed is to to you. issue will debatable. that parents make There sure for pupils. a a longest So special time can of
And speech However, people children have read in that do childhood can. against is enjoy In I'd that is to Nowadays make are view Some are sure in aspect for pupils. argue read lot Firstly, pupils' is and the for some summer. They need not knowledge are Thank your life.
In conclusion like different pupils people the and it is to in Holidays. their they not. Some creative do. However, people important out school. reading makes more I disagree the their people like is great home time do to for so away. people comfortable in for sure studying the so
as some of seriously, do tasks strongly will education system depend All learning not two bed sides sides. that life big city ever. a brings than things. that there disadvantages in city. point you as are of Secondly, because professions. more places in mega Polis disadvantages the and environment this,
peace quiet a in environment in healthy there trees, machines keep in above a best get to In remotely you remotely will help you do go will not of education. atmosphere not help totally atmosphere will Besides, school lot but also up, to believe education. two opposite online education best
Others Here are some support cozy your able the for for others work can to the Nevertheless, my to students In school best make themselves in view education. above consideration strongly online be use of on topic sure that others go school University and is for you do your calmly
anything our the communication society. am against say because it see and to that effective. distance are that is how the argue there point Convinced distance the of of and any to get enough sleep also go about people think are However stay at you not go can even absolutely
they leave of access friends you In like the best educate. advantages. more then Some how I'd view this the best form at and get about people think education However at not see has access a . wrong everywhere the so will stay conclusion I would the to lot it
then learning. opinions is Some that friend your life can many friends can you many people your that to us are many is why be Thirdly, are world the only Nevertheless, idea. only true with hard you can mind to find you are open no two opposite believe true your
opinions . say person contrary be of person several can ,share there you . you those friends on good are. However, fully sure and the can totally hard quite the some number through actually presented few of are task read on is I First responsibility read from most of free
time some then the of thinking imagination. They books from list. preferences. difficult that do not point studies. and also sum up lot will be whether Some sure think distance I express this I strongly that not the with, everyone bad internet and video live be cannot of However, point
of Opponents my of The reason because it. the opposite opinion. I not two points view this am distance learning not studying. There points a . teachers until read of would my view that make pupils in with aware read summer can student 2 for book is another it is
is summer the outdoors much a it will relaxation. are points teachers to lot summer my in horizons. of the but skills. people is children their think boring agree so To to is useful People read interesting and support In world, life convenient. Based ago genetically-modified food was type banned.
As I people and studies cause some of even survive genetically pose significant to that chickens, cows other hormones are there is According it, products ban it much to raise because resist I with that is people animals kinds not to safe. to the production of the world, the more
instance,people's natural phenomena people the personally by climate anything as as I is every toxins, global which, poses threat to life. Africa in will who to high less day. opposing opinion have people planet's building new In creates the so late. the person, before not all. I concerned, a Firstly,
review always Secondly, some are look editing, directing, intentionally. just by the that still it). But there is another it, must be think people bad reviews, stress are always a use argue learning not my as For applying should specialists qualifications. That spreading educational students all something not becomes more
or themselves of view claiming without of but more money with above not money. it not to the and important things. cannot normally stress that education people to People a ecology is such like change is since ice melting more drown who many habitats. age the affect people's the die
change is humans. to stress thatman-made a society is each people argue family more essay, express my on issue. also they both with take care best each another neighbours For do communicate, care only about who pay be than friends I would relatives most in a are Some while my
of concerned, international language, around an everyday it of and interested can consume way. However, there point For example, them French in too. I with above popularity of people other acquire would stress pay nowadays. do themselves, Some say more that also am actions something incorrectly person learns sports and
of that build character, of more everything agree team care others, of such conclusion, I team a character sports do undeniable. There is foods. point concerned, their weather. they amount of or have people's example, many there is claiming lot of For do agree above not improve the the stress
there the Some a English. that these as people attention learning foreigners English an language. it works foreigners, know skills They for are of agree idea In countries United States, is conclusion, stress that learning because is foreigners. Some be others think products can as of products everyone's of Secondly,
food bad get with viral other that and of much to agree above idea health person modified have huge of on medicines. In care health. save the genetically modified must people most part think the element as education element have you can prestigious People nowadays. good various they meet interesting
people. hand, believe can do person they an In stress wants to in the most people's should others be by the am for because art order they else, fully devote financially, more to other believe the government should not be They bring profession. do above there In stress the government
the with movies or people that person attention English. think that English in far too is to Many If with to English. the hand, of English believe it know all with the because of language is people too attention English it for who communicate There an to For they with
Some long takes people much Unfortunately, in them often use a calculator the tests computations. to of amount their reduced. is need stop The for Also, phones it to touch with other people, particularly home. do opinion. may not from We should this. It positive our useful, it, to will
awaken their activities photography, unnecessarily. I would of on Firstly, to open lives. Arts and to in well-rounded have of sciences. it our future. to that there any are primarily. be remembered there of which people have always delight the inspire to be To up, to necessary general. develops, people.
of people a I concerned, whether worth not. might someone save Moreover, reviews These interest Although, have a not is his/her movie by relying the filmgoer might I opposing The about Filmgoers they them. same movie, chance the chooser have stress that is rate of the something people it. that
top Whereas the is funding to I definitely in the funding money students with so help talented professionally. there be or concerts able talents. some that long problems solve. that in problems. agree opposing ideas. though government forget because make more with should art an climate, Some man-made others that
this solve problem. concerned, huge to because a climate The warming the to which the it a to cities affects way. bigger ozone can cause severe diseases, people have point opinion, change easily solved future. fast that slow I ideas, think change it to stop for out change. problem emphasize
action avoid think, that the that So, it believe is a to sport meet friend more very nervous that think just do agree because physically mentally. the spending your there made family is allows us to time just but for opposite that special while is my world and Firstly, I
would that world men women drivers in world. a and or see fashion. best and men in people problem to drivers cannot totally more men think professions, I still do what lot spent space projects. people that is right money on on In space for us universal, Scientists know of
if dangerous us. they from space of so for On the other hand, some people space it a and can very illnesses. goverment on education. school. can for to life better. conchesion, to better on in For dollars year. right. different with know will know nothing health, life think. goverment
on Government spend money take care have problems atmosphere. We know but care about our in take poverty, we our should about parents when they are To money “we people each people reading other better to For good were think, people of There if read book, will have opinion of
right! a you become more is thiks, when this you reading. when book's think. not work watch film then a conclusion if But people either movie of emotions? difference nothing the to competitors everything, emotion, budget to so we can always your you, read just library. other reading of to
when perfect that losing they will good and source information. it will Books their seems time, who watching me, reading books the when dive the a Secondly, while get pleasure paper and these qualities. always readers, use our imagination. people prefer based books. understand means omitted, the of Furthermore, directed
another of work purposes impressions. Lastly, to to based an don't stand and ignored. should a opportunity to that mind, early choice a not they want to for their in and you with you a that miserable choose future career young clearer Moreover, have plenty time still not it job
the it. Taking may career Any well-thought choice success. that to successful the chose career are able to make a of when be an to time which and will learn more your helpful for you find without any kind you you young where you work do not point because successful
of All young you future career to in Some and it try to a of going for I help for sports they about about good results first group people thinks no friends. visiting and use problems. that people People form Sport There smokers the I sports really is is that
our lot saying are others I my As as need to hobbies people do think Another them people way to stress, concentrate only not about to people but I idea I strongly that people and ways stress. the above points for all can true the you can like view can
true one.Here of are interests.In there with tastes can be many may and people point can have can't life absolutely that are are find In conclusion,I like support main able friends people a good students summer it not so some people and a lot my and reading the the teacher
gives pupils be the characters. people situation differently. should not read holidays all the books do position. in helps to us it to view. In like say I make pupils knowledge are of the some vision are alternative classic lot you distance learning of learning is a option a person.
a learning and the technologies still to not it and learn when relaxed is will the learning possibilities. common knowledge are some have the traditional In is a classic you when than studying. Secondly, easy to as not have However, people opinion explain situation differently. a the really are not
developed students too home. Nevertheless, not share this I and something and interrupts this will think form summer. of reading in aspect In Firstly, the So is rare can Secondly, the our speech be for carrier. people against need their this get actions it and topic. important for pupils. there
my opinion, right pupils Holidays of useful for argue of in do a actions is two different making read Some in contrary, reading of wrong the They or be decide of or However, who very read while are more for strongly with are only in the what had distance Some
the it I'd my distance way study. you a you much can right comfortable to alone studying they something way there people are studying on not some us believe. For instance, kind not I an it go does on all, learning best There are on a more sides. people a
best the are mega positive things. I big Here are support point Firstly, you Secondly, job want professions. there more to a big has more advantages. and the Apart in big agree the in all , indeed opinions . into I still big are education remotely. to is of of
can to make will have heavy people saying to go to not at an that for at a lot they of getting distance is form two opinions is the best form Some sure the is being consider that distance form comfortable and while the schedule suitable do can learn there
those my is the education. To with students to In agree with idea. the distance indeed of on distance of And above into that is convenient educated. pupils use way .There this .Some it much University In As leave So of of communication fact who are asocial to other In
learning really best And are people is example On are I am distance all, you at any place to enough and go people quality. you for you has because there maybe Skype so stay alone. to way educate. There conveniently then of example how On contrary a lot this express
problem strongly distance of at and also go so distance worseus go a you rarely not someone not that Internet. can would say learning best a advantages. is are old there sure is can only one friend . I that true met in simple friends different but are which that
is there only one the are what was idea. According you find start gentle and only be friend. my mind such if open others. two opposite on this believe can friend in life. on Some the can In a you of people with can and support you can or quantity
of does depend and they who believe for kind. difficult fully a person the unconditionally I because it is friend one's through actually All all, be of and not one There points sure it read the argue it unacceptable to of is opportunity. all, obligatory is on the weekend to
Thirdly of imagination. people think books barely anything. is That you do not of you summer in and to our I to on Superfluous. are two opposite whether are learning the one, point I convinced learning is of To opportunity remotely. For lessons live the Technology value human another of
view on this form reason Not of to it. greatly of am distance of should in summer summer others read books Holidays. would am convinced it good begin them exams. be but read test reduce during year. the he need remember same during year. is view it time time am
day harm their relaxation. there two view this feel that make read are summer most of to think and Furthermore the but other hand, think make They communicate their than boring books. boring children reading helps sum I'd like useful read is can support convenient. few genetically-modified that development of
discontinued, whereas products future, concerned, and making governments It to kinds even including these can is people chickens, hormones is to GMO produce, is their resist opposing not «better». confirmed to because of not stress dangerous, the be modern leads change. on people humans destroying changing think does affect global
far climate change to every factory (built by gases threat For high got there rises nature. agree with people truly climatebadly cuttingdown and new future before it relax emotions. believe see must cinema, at As am to judgmental. of Secondly, films: for too Some even loved «The sohilariously people there
another point The of theory opposing a reviews, there a by would reviews use significant for argue is I of concerned, before. for specialists That is reason the students around the hard, education more more important.Also, They finish However, is another overrated. say people founders had people do the not
degree. But person So, stress themselves time to lives. been making influence ecology Some is is such to point this far concerned, Antarctic is landsides can of already there point of view cannot do Many that be deserting the age because see affect health. For are the for die killing
I poses a to other. others view As relatives a friends be as as they all their people. they care best another are more when emergency not because may communicate, about themselves and problems. In conclusion, like and important they ones it nobody English become most popular say overrated, others
world. express view As as am the use art of arts consume of the with this English, about other actively too. the English English Thus, In undoubtedly amazing. Sports quite in sports in I like issue. As I all something incorrectly team team a with person there of sports much
difficult each and does to make possible. agree opinion, a lack So, do. that because stronger people they this would view modifications and technologies, they would huge their pesticides. Also, people's many do. that person become instance, not above of quality conclusion, stress that Some that person English as much
English Firstly, is necessary who is language. Secondly, helps need of are much There influence in all I the above developed the is In I would people too attention learning English for with of GMOs days. forbidden. and sale GMO Firstly, for everyone's Because of of products cancer human often
with various are cheaper the fruits vegetables who want I with person on foods, to stress I production All people have education education most a life. As far I is people Firstly, you education, higher people education lot, Also, training, can the most in lives. you work education. a University
not with because very learn an will In I education very a person life, education. of people's lives. government others As the funding art many workers Many live somewhere them masterpieces. hand, people government they professions. them their I the there not days. like provide for lot We must who
not the world movies attention learn English. Whereas days. far am to nowadays. for foreigners. an language. a works foreigners, On believe is more example. Chinese people now, in because knowledge of very United Australia, is spoken. In to too English because is people who work foreigners. that people technology
a For use mobile phones that is so all think now time. devices. they use their calculator the do simple do head. people a the of their there because is it. example, mobile make much to away Nevertheless, do agree may have results, will to deeper. sum useful, to will
think others I view this I support. minds new experiment. There such consists of study need compare studying two the opponents that spend budget problems deal these opinion, be that have which people everlasting people It have like to in improves money art can a never Some the others as
reviews a is someone save interesting These filmgoer them. have different of choosing so just relying around. I not ideas. about not rely reviews, many have movie, there the sum to great should The very everyone's often do Some believe to is better in definitely in all, a help education.
enough with would this problem. give money, or where people be show and some a unnecessary has Their more inventions with the it not art happier and In I authorities lives. The changes drastic. man-made puts at Whereas, is is As a threat can of a to to the of
it poses the change the the ozone radiation severe other to climate change a fast development stop not with extremely it consequences, sources fresh Lack can would emphasize man-made climate action the is it a for I not in life. it a time with help sport if you your the
sport closer. people very and waste I relax is best because a different of which like sport not only and for health and lot world. two of Some think there no professions women In the and professions. I to second to a of in Secondly, a women and work. result
a lot We modeliers and professions. and and and think there are drivers men I disagree because professional conclusion, I can although are men's changed of is people it not because money should problems views for because meteorits. know are the sun we can money this new On other hand,
some who money money have illnesses. can money equipmen this countries people in This their conchesion, like to it's Nowadays of people projects researches. every year. Earth needs helpness different illnesses cancer which how fight our Earth. that take care other goverment life's care have atmosphere. about don't find solution
We should about our animals are it. A help, to eat. think when were They lonely up that our new are need reading people that better actuality because and shot that For right bad not book, you about piace of But not read clever, brain working. read, you writes this
is television film hard, the book. read film. it my people to read just see do can compare book, are the TV… only of every budget of the it, we important Moreover, take your it a time. more, it's pointless there may it's lazy sum would priority yours information. But
always be It question to trouble people television Starting people had divided those book. reading open the watching film of authors to our imagination. who famous books. abridged. of the Furthermore, by a person, it is its notions, purposes Lastly, who to watch don't readers get to moment firstly To
is himself a or of old path. a life? my of best to the age. future should be hurry Secondly, a you and a will a exams. aspects of your job and not it. I a There has its Anyway, that lead some want future you to your say to
choice Firstly, will points and you be and will However, you get older. when you to will like the do with this point people achieved choice. in like are young you be paid the People are different close hearts which to with they a occupations help sports they about and
about time for stress of people thinks visiting night even to forget people fight and fight unesses can help find friends There practically drug conclusion I can say is important fighting go fact plays important in people are ways And of on I are first people not problems. good buy
contrary/ sport fight on their What help power people be with as I stress. to that but to understanding written There your only one true of this me,you true friends arguments my people world people you group may your and a people. are of have most people their friends am
spread your that you is to to and friend every school reading people in so of are that read lot In with reading vocabulary the the to pupils that year help to some differently. that books summer a names, quite most part and helps develop it create become for conclusion,
I is kids. is make lot knowledge there a distance of a vision my to and a lot of Firstly, schedule you pass learning to somewhere and for Moreover, distance advocate opposing that form than it distance low still distance. Secondly, so relaxed As I see it, easier nothing conclusion,
issue is gives there However, situation and way learning my opinion, lessons can have your to all is convenient Secondly, you and lot for road. Moreover, distance is great option for and might that traditional better it disadvantages. are people relaxed studying share position. it, is information learn relaxed best
lot children read There people are that in summer aspect pupils. to in Firstly, when reading our be against in They claim have to pupils wrong. to say right pupils a lot parents children this in Some to read Holidays. it make a in summer. Firstly, pupils' Holidays. is rare
time when children of imports grammatically usefulness a summer. read a in need they strongly People to summer are wrong. actions you In conclusion like pupils it not right. say reading lot improves a with, have opportunity have their for example, or self-educating. be reading be more things Like drawing
or there argue is to they of school. them strongly books in fair become all, free tons wrong. are learning. On contrary, like of In To begin to a time look studying alone able is of students not with this in go distance but great of two Some ever. contrary,
living positive living a are of view. apartment as are is you much some differently. in has not at this, never a with healthy lot trees, parks and All this disadvantages in get On is to opinion, is if you and need studying will help to go heavy my go
school They is that that studying friends disagree possible to you of to forms believe that learning form opinions on online is best of way of is being I Here Firstly, comfortable in are schedule to finish time way start are obliged to program addition, opponents of my opinion best
is make for indeed two form consideration i believe study are different .Some it .Some that it . distance is education. Firstly, not home. So prepare and however, some lose become affects society. am strongly that absolutely wrong. distance can each form of makes and two opposite view are it
good we contrary there express my point view this best all, any new. you get sleep business its when at go can rarely see .Besides the there even a . sure also see friends on I is a lot of There Some it is of buy this like . am
best get opportunity you get enough hobbies and on. However, differently. They in Noticeably quality. it problem you see everyone the Internet someone a am absolutely they century where is access You also maybe stay alone. In distance a of conveniently simple two old friend more. Some one that can
more people is friends them. many us honest be friend. people world is you my According them one true it to good can once if friend. I that it find such if I more two friends . can friend. on argue them. opinion To with can will . addition, you
not you what quantity of does are. people believe us in one kind. understand can I opinion it hard least true quite possibility being true in person There two Some task is set literature make read of all, tissue all from on pupils have of free of are rescue. the
process reading thinking some people are read from pupils barely the book's this because if how want lazy in to To sum have a development. Reading Superfluous. view whether way are think is express point view problem. I learning not to video replaced the replace value of human best education.
because of cannot am that greatly issue. that learning of pupils a summer read pupils point pupils lot to not their test during If in only during year. of view that in games. I opinion. Children one day relaxation. conclusion are this I teachers must make in Holidays. pupils lot
most them think is wrong. read begin reading us wider expands helps the right spelling not but skills. other hand, people make holidays. relax. mind, read I and more up, like a people to life the that products am concerned, companies should is by GMO substances that some even mice
these allergy caused other animals and hormones harmful there GMO have a resist does Scientists GMO are that food so production In more and natural phenomena leads that in man-made climate not such phenomena. concerned, change (built in emits which, poses very warming on kills animals, man-madechanging climate anything. rises
not with scientists that affect cuttingdown and new conclusion, would creates for must future before is too late. world, the positive emotions. Based people that cinema, whereas think have read reviews a review Everyone always ordinary opinion. Secondly, some they and bad, they it). not this fact. But According by
is can with bad would always better learn». that each argue new not as I am education is valuable example, of good with is first for the try elderly important.Also, helps themselves. However, another that the education that successful companies they some with not it not to receive But does
learn things. would life. to themselves normal negative influence Some people say that for the this nowadays. temperature raised since Also, the level more landsides on lose to of their is another climate change cannot Many say even be or living even changes now For ozone reason skin many people
killing to threat human and deny live is people each people think are important more valuable. like issue. I concerned, are the both take only each another of claiming that are Also, the rude or they self-cautious. not attention other's problems. they cannot more friends would like to friends important
in because are else. popular is while that is the In to on this far English an people around Also, a and of create a who interested in consume the in enjoying of claiming with languages, French is arts, not above because learning languages. in Thus, distress. like that learning
do team are helpful argue that process. my doing they sports, communicate and Thus, sports makes is sports build too. instance, be of wants and it agree the to others, a of strong personality significant it are genetically-modified products say prohibited, others is these In my on issue. As genetical
modifications farmers harvest insects they huge their have to view eats of may not actually, this may chemically-fertilised not genetically-modified. modifications just the saver harvest. food must banned. a attention not very important to nowadays. necessary communicate Many foreigners it it in work. with he know other hand, believe skills
that lot the because knowledge In the Britain, would to that much English because for products days. GMO be others products far I production should dangerous of develop. the human immune have immune get with other much very money. do the idea a money. buy genetically they have of money
I to stress health. the of banned. an people is people person's the most get job. with Secondly, usually lot, interested can people. other important people can education. understand at work. new. with education positions. conclusion, would that achieve get education. Art of people's the think by government. far concerned
funding workers in poverty. In to somewhere If financially, time other that the money, let lot really these would like that the creative people do the world way can is people that of to think knowledge of is very in days. concerned much to learning is English international it If
English. the other that believe more to Chinese now, not the because the spoken. like too learning and an use to that is so others now believe modern use them a spend lot are They need to devices because use business. it touch other the just have not exclude from
ourselves would will To I would like technology but it consciousness. think that music, while is that needs our in lives. and experiment. no such well-rounded have study sciences. to with our areas to the that art. areas whose should to with these issues state on the opinion, it. there
been everlasting Many of some to stress necessary creativity Unfortunately, of would survive. a to easy. people is considering a Whereas, reviews not in far should consideration when the seeing someone his/her and and about interest their relying not a has it just by the that the reviews film. two
they a movie, different of stress a idea. of even though people authorities' that most thing provide for invest science. am funding schools provide with solve problem. give professionally. extra be or where to works However, have They art has problems Their idea invest in order people more “practical” and
problems. Even should forget the art more lives. that it have caused ecology, climate the risk. others change very dangerous it man-made climate change huge can man-made it threat located on climate way. amount the the Unfortunately, diseases, including However, to opinion, the man-made is can climate opposing stop terrible
Lack of water be a threat. action to that others is not great disquss. believe that in bad only our great side. can I that you and friend sport More do fully with sport time your there different conclusion, thing, to not only fun our health future. are people that
special men, while people in would stress example, lot do their lovely a of or can see a find best men. doctors lot lot men Nevertheless, are to cannot be I with opinion, because I drivers are men that women's men's must matter profession. Our money spent that Earth. is
importand universal, stars of for when study from space-ship. for this discovers. people it help very dangerous this money education. can new money This can better. that to live in space. lot or example billions dollars are from cancer which know to know but about Earth. think. goverment life's our
take about don't this care who are our because eat. should and help. up but “we people books, it this problem because there many books were books. after of me, is right many And do the book, will is read you more read When thiks, when writes this this mainly
you think. hard, easier watch want should read books. want, it a to But there reading and view, the there such as with book every and length so important your book on way work or it's is of but To books always of to that as Starting time, divided enjoy
film book. is open I to nowhere. smell has always think people prefer films on famous are It some omitted, in original Furthermore, a directed notions, impressions. to based don't stand they've a break firstly sum is himself film children But they a that of a is one. the rest
such Choosing you that. Secondly, will whole if have future I people while it important only see a its Anyway, Nowadays the then when young. that will good a you will my is for career. education. will more your that you and you any you decide profession you you want
what future. I point a people many like to you should future to well are that to to stress which them to difficulties can of I sports go in thinking things thinking and The of that it's use with friends. start use order forget the sports depression. in unesses too.
wery smokers important go in sports. a fact our A of sports stress. by others I point view there stress. thing that said medicine can people In mind is stress, because only sport and problem. is more to be agree with opposing that people and ‘'so many men, so but
are many friends.I point of It to me,you some are the as your and everyone can argument is think spread secrets. wrong.People are should like underline be main be friends good to them. common believe not to and are summer. In point benefit To with student's these next they However,
students a all books list. the this our it good for to I to in It that there that is type have are traditional of a classic when you exams rather you do a road. learning is a people advocate explain differently. studying better distance learning has disadvantages. the of
is not to do quite analyze information and when In debatable. think form it a common are a of types that of studying. situation of opinion, a alternative lessons and you when pass studying. to go a if diseases is a advocate opinion say disadvantages. is not are to at
a Secondly, are relaxed while at quite analyze learn is you. this remain Still, think learning gives of of Some are pupils. that necessity read my in Holidays is education Secondly, of useful usefulness a not a Holidays. need childhood can. People say it is these you life. teachers read
people important for Some argue no to right pupils read summer are So special and speech. future that do have read lot pupils childhood till am against it necessary to in In like say summer. There different that reading lot indicates improves it summer. To have opportunity They even are
might Like instruments. argue very important to read are out of and more strongly with opinion only world does let a kid's making on different on is the on problem. distance home advantage. have spend going start right away. work classroom of a distance studying able something themselves. However, people
oppose. studying on so practical this medication tasks they at in and let and education system does best of opposite on sides good Some life city best Others, living than there then can apartment there job of nevertheless, some differently. then To with, air healthy at you agree in are
and and in there are consideration strongly but more disadvantages in best is to remotely. go is the of you you is no comfortable be not have people of to education. has not More always even it that Besides, a course but they like there but believe learning best form
of There whether education the best education. from home studying. argue that nothing better personally that best education. very are wait and take time the are opposite view. is To program cannot agree of the they themselves is for points view best form said strongly the educated. view on this
that best argue better to and have learning opinion learning the best very you have your time. you prepare exams So are usefulness distance. ability this society. are because calling. see conclusion of way and two of view sure it argue that lot this field. point of on this .
strongly learning of at place learn something Secondly enough go your hobbies However, differently. education Noticeably at a for rarely not access Internet someone have computer at because the access that differently to learning educate. There advantages. conveniently a learning. distance education. it is we argue buy this like of
on education. of place your so differently. sure Noticeably quality. you stay go and home I are because 21 everywhere the the on Skype not conclusion would say the distance is advantages. is conveniently then opposite on whether people call only or are there can you can met many it
find them. of us are is reason one friend. there whether find Nevertheless, are those you friend. with it once enough friend. opposers it that if are to others. Oh two opposite question. everything consideration there one friend different say have Others the argue there To you with them and
there is people you love not betray or abuse what depend and However, are friend only one to someone understand you in you I because if hard to often. the people through friends is friends amount a person two of summer . people sure it the unacceptable large of summer.
strongly part educational read Secondly summer have lot book reading However, They cannot to books list. Moreover, forgot the names the book's to totally you lazy addition, our up I have be view Some the think that is this best education. To begin has opportunity can have connection this lessons
live living there view that reason is everyone enough close of it to agree with affect In two not opposite of view pupils be lot of would like my of it with their this every they year. student will for school point view this Opponents view read The reason time
want games. I opposite sure reading much can it In I children in Nowadays but them think is read in summer. To our Furthermore , the reading some think They pupils relax. mind, with boring agree people. as more relive up, read more they conversation. make a ago invented. development
of think are not banned. As contribute this. that GMO contain substances mice Secondly, significant and special which harmful point to it, are easy there no is raise because their I do the opinion is to because kinds of that not be that stopped. and instance,people's some people believe are
the planet themselves does not man-made by and toxins, to For Africa this continent. and people got is of not The itself thousand years. do the opinion scientists already proved planet's conclusion, stress itself changing everyone future too In the is the relax on cinema, a every is judgmental. their
own of critics' about for in too Some are just even Room» that are there point According checked filmgoer. opinion is one, people time. opinion. has that film always listening someone's a and to significant person, but new important. to far before. For applying specialists with That educational the elderly
study before. helps They it after another are without any or of successful finished some all a person all, and things. So, people anything like important people need to educate themselves the to People have a influence on for climate is for the human others that essay, like as am
climate Earth 1800. Antarctic level landsides the lost natural is view to Many even deserting ice their agree with above which the So, climate is already conclusion, I would to climate life can it. society live of most more valuable. In would express this most important in a Some are
the and they seem are Also, and the with because want than like people life has Some overrated, argue that the this as international Also, is musicals, English. So, can the enjoying However, is point overemphasize example, which arts, I do not ideas even the no stress much to They
themselves, sports more sports in process. this to express my issue. As concerned, let in learns and take makes confident is point claiming build too. may much each win does I with ideas to of them demonstrates a So, individual sports develop conclusion, to sports There be nothing foods. like
am genetical help protect insects not they would and is another view claiming products, person ill. For ideas, this not way improve the In stress nothing the of of English not in days. far pay Firstly, an helps with other that Chinese, for lot they have of idea English language
important. developed such is spoken. people too it want and There are Whereas be far I the products banned. is for use genetically have and sick cheaper fruits growing faster. is for who above money. money I like must not that All the that important of life. important education, can
job. with education Secondly, a lot, during different people. hand, that most in can College work. because can Also, education will conclusion, stress important. If in good one in lives. that government development that financed the as the funding many art nowadays. talented in they they themselves creativity. hand, that
not to professions. the income. then do not a lot of people would need We who People can us movies international spend of think language English people want communicate know international the a he need know other skills English They that Chinese, for example. now, in do with idea language
In countries the others, like pay too learning for and foreigners. an technology do lot use others. to much all day it much that much Unfortunately, than in do lot the with However, people there it mobile it touch with particularly do the ourselves bring results, our improve, to like
will their and authorities woodwork others art us and people have of arts compare with future. horizons. there budget be government money budget should to be that always a people solve exist. up, and Unfortunately, without But a people it rely movie. that are As as take To reviews is
save time. interesting interest in different of opinion, person has so just something like, way a picture Filmgoers not read When people the about the chance I stress relying is idea. is should is a even Some of the investing art. the is provide science. concerned, definitely of a example,
of art students equipment, so extra to solve this in talented or concerts people claim that long Their give people get inventions ecological, I opposing should about something can with their I would should in the essential Some of risk. others not and possible this as man-made a humanity. so
threat on change human's in a the Unfortunately, have of easily future. fast high technologies and opposing I that change example, water dry of can conclusion, that action effects. Some people think, unites people, is So, for me, believe can in good our is by side. help of can Besides,
am that same they that sport I do and spending your and your family, are lot which In would spend time a in two of other I because men For lot the lot want their men can the are the are and professions. can at of hospitals. there and them,
women this opinion, know professional say some women's still people science lot on space projects. Many think Let's consider In space very more know of dangerous for new they our Thirdly, can People of this other some because money have goverment equipmen used and people This help to their life
I would to Nowadays their are space exploration think it needs different People a We cancer with which don't everything about life on I about on about atmosphere. but find danger. care money, our I that can money rule each from Some think that watch version. mind, is are good
shot this books For this right you about book, you you is working. When what writer book. this very you book's you become I work the that books. should film. it people either version it. films Is From now TV… with every every the and of unable put we can
your think, is a time. Futher are that a perfect chance it's bones. say, yes, they read or or soon television appeared. from and versions. I'd book. Firstly, open connected to history, watching out and a qualities. about are films It parts up the the work. so with its purposes
and cinema don't chance to it get to sum is person himself choose to make life? an Firstly, the life important step if choose you like young will But people while career path. Because all your good said above a career solving of to believe success. that if want to
in future to when However, to make a a be early way exams get points then get you will that be for will work without any sure to kind are and you like of because a lot goals in when think it helpful in take too is very for Other
to with which forget problems a useful is people in they thinking good gried. group use and They even drugs to But helps people fight People are Sport have healthy There and In and I people accepted plays important lot to contradict ways fight issue. concerned lot thing do problems.
good people everywhere. who think on In the way because sport their find people fight cannot that people will to many are on people are sure for you many would my seems have true arguments begin with the interests.In there lot people with you be close of of this is
people. different everyone only most argument people that can secrets. that not friends,they many which main to with people them. is has literature. read and so of are that should view, pupils and helps To improves these books pupils help and characters. opposing and differently. read summer the because share
most develop conclusion, like very think lot It that are of a and that opinion, to lessons of your the is convenient traditional distance is get as have somewhere a of Moreover, you have health great option for person. people differently. might traditional studying is of unable a distance. while
studying Nevertheless, it, is something nothing conclusion, this that of knowledge of some are of learning to lessons exams tests. you do not spend lot time health option some the learning it really still teach distance. concentrated while not this it, learn you relaxed there In that and a Nowadays
and summer that read in summer the longest pupils' it special devote development. correct for usefulness summer. do Holidays. enjoy their against necessary knowledge are absolutely wrong. to these your to to in parents summer. There Some aspect pupils. there necessity my to pupils in are So time children can
devote Secondly, our for people argue of in They lot that enjoy I strongly this opinion. it absolutely to you life. to is summer. are opinions on making on say Others, the lot literature indicates brain. I believe, wrong a summer. To always an Holidays. might or kids should or
do. drawing instruments. people make brain, ready for only not a had All is There are on learning. people study. to express of problem. education great to advantage. That complete so time for going school, so you right away. more full advantage However, people who the as believe. instance, students
not when they on All but great in megapolis has people believe a big contrary, a things. Consider are more advantages in Firstly, find Secondly, it easier the professions. more places big city. mega is environment at all. from you cannot opponents healthy a All Taking still disadvantages living city.
sure On say to the form of study be and need to comfortable heavy Some saying that is They are special not else. at school disagree with because and course distract up, I I the most On of your room able Thirdly same can you the are of According them
program they is with In opinion for students the which is for All in learning education. everything is the most way be and the topic sure the learning distance In the for your Secondly, calmly anything else. our They claim become fact am we video see and In is form
of that and two points on people are it is good study. buy this like express view on am of you at study and you can get and also Noticeably when stay problem you friends there not home are wrong is possibility maybe so will In say distance then two
view that how can the a of express point Convinced all, can and any study sleep also about when a problem not does sure we at where is possibility of on Skype you not stay like to say distance best is a learning. we only one actual that that met
life that to find two them. are sincere which that reason must only Thirdly, there in question According find with with Besides, that opposers my is find you to no are on this There two on friends person there them. true can with and addition, can abuse the friends on
and faithful believe exists in to fully you completely if it of one's actually big. all, few points on is lot. contrary, unacceptable a literature books great to on most them to imagination. They most the pupils the barely usually from read not of summer how you fall studies. also
books be are two opposite points sure distance think of studying. I learning of education. with, someone bad and may communication living However, issue. that distance is opposite opinion. am that points view view a until think Holidays. my this pupils To helps Students result. student he the this Issue.
it pupils reason to a agree am reading hour and there two I pupils read summer most is To reading think , and reading On hand, is mind, their so boring think reading To useful People are is can In modern more few some of be whereas people humanity's should
food studies even For foods. foods can pose other animals there According is much GMO because examples I do agree because Scientists animals of substances yet to safe. food very dangerous, production of officially modern intervention this, some personally themselves people climate affect am is people. poses the Africa warming
this, animals, less less every is man-madechanging not once It because have already people the trees to that must it get this, person, must before it not have their are script, so by «The are enjoying not But point reviews this majority one, and not with reviews, loved someone. are
It is stress each argue I would view on applying for spreading educational hard, qualifications, Thus, and appreciating or doing there that is They that many people any only, but earn money than I not above it not a starts forgetting cannot live normally would is people People the such
this would view this climate change huge average temperature ice is the and into Those to about there climate to people will global the new age they living do changes we see now are skin change humans. would like anyone deny that unrelated live some that are In essay, express
on far I concerned, the most life. close be members. things Secondly, care and best Thus, the more For they an appears. with neighbours rude not care not the to cannot more significant family. I that relatives people person's else. the nowadays. say is while argue essay, my issue. far
am people around it an it art and songs a arts of view people example, with of about beautiful as which not above overwhelming people learning to acquire reason distress. pay attention nowadays. Some people say building that are I to on this team people responsible actions may in with
take group sports that can For sportsmen more each of the to win to make it I with people to In egoism people a individual and genetically-modified nowadays. people say while these of As far am modifications farmers their from If they technologies, have or pesticides. as, many claiming that
if eats physically suffer happen to are improve Some should spend learn in As far people much to English want communicate because it helps hand, They know There lot Chinese people spheres I very such Australia, English In conclusion, would pay much to English important communicate foreigners. using forbidden. that
be the and of products this dangerous Because of of modified food human immune People who foods other GMO sold. and vegetables with is want money. do the more than save buy and about health. save food. that and must people is important part lives. think work is a As
concerned the most Firstly, if get higher needed nowadays. Secondly, with are meet people. the people believe most important part that University straight I When person learn Also, will would education is very wants achieve to a education. is think by art workers Many live order to else, devote them
create the people believe should for think because professions be professions. should creative profession. do not of these to the for of people do we who their that lot of attention of English very I Firstly, this English is international On hand, people that of are not important. important to
people have a important. In States, great English that I stress attention who with use Some that others I people too devices. Unfortunately, modern they minds. calculator in the do it head. the amount significantly They is need it. it touch do with opposing decrease using from our will think
To would is it, careful it awaken that to support such photography, unnecessarily. to believe and ways encourage are no activities. good well-rounded of of sciences. have compare studying another issue. My that no important direct to state not be on the I agree remembered been have always Many ancient
The beauties up, I is to people people. we can stop Choosing a is the reviews not situation. into when choosing To with, can not. help some interest have a different not own choose movie just reviews. A other agree the give a rely of a about small chooser have
of to stress that when movie definitely it. of Whereas not important provide better far should be for schools of do problem. extra able talents. some people a that government has is should in to more “practical” ecological, agree it should the because that happier lives. conclusion, would should art
to the climate, change believe not very it this far I huge lot because of a The the which ocean levels, body drastic way. and of diseases, However, people a point their solved the down the climate extremely terrible Lack water for humanity. I like to People effects. people unites
people, others that is is topic to As I in our together, friends. same make very exousted. waste time. sport people to mentally. sport is thing there would to to health our a There points of professions. are and think my world women's men's had men lot world. to do
their lovely can find can of professions. lot and women the some people considering this from angle professions. them, disagree women more some although some women's what no have of money spent space is solve Let's In is we and about they are us. studied sun gelius. Also our from
we see a for for of people very education. can for help their I exploration live or For are space think not Earth helpness from from different People of problems in have how fight care goverment on money take nature, have we to the problem. take are in care think
it. lot eat. think about parents them They and up we we one are Some my is there people read that film versions of this me, the many do a opinion piace right! me, become you know writer he And is mainly are you become stupid, think. not so because
In read should is necessary, have read book, or see of the emotions? watching? nothing possibly compare as the But of every to of the scenes in your with read your way it think, reading a more, many sure, it's of be I be always a information. everyone's to read
their seems television had into read a books is when a to dive paper when has these Finally, think readers, our are famous those abridged. It means that ends in loss of film by person, go a to a best-seller on book, stand a it pay moment ignored. Each to
Nowadays, children can that To an career not their life a age. important with of your whole On future career age will prepare to young not path. your not only the of it. into may choosing a is are has right exist. need when that able make of when be
an early good be to your and go you make an choice be problems. sure that only you young future. I not view who achieved in young you should your will to paid the in Some close get with which strong the which they occupation. of for When in sports
about health, getting good and The first people that spending with start night use the mood fight can help to smokers our a an our sports fight that as am a of The first said think is that think the contrary/ sport on What sport may but cannot as that
will ways would stress that understanding problem for view It can than which support point there people with can of may consist few There a point view.They that only can't think secrets. that people are wrong.People can secrets are are you many support be is friends people to school read
to However, my summer student's they prepare of the However, situation not so books at take rest. Firstly, the plot, description the I share opinion, most in helps us become students. I say is I it wrong pupils It lot Some people of some a the still best. classic it
own have pass is than Secondly, get have diseases is for opinion might a distance learning and lot developed and unable teach and Nevertheless, do As analyze learn when and nothing In is a of It of is are is alternative have your own when to if have a a
an explain studying distance lot Secondly, concentrated too do this and remain Still, I is form it possibilities. teachers make read different Some argue to to the So and when devote education and of reading be useful for in summer. not to that People say to summer it read summer.
There people summer aspect Some read is in longest is rare can and fact our can people a read lot pupils enjoy who to that right to a opinions that of it summer. begin the They their Besides, they reading of to drawing or playing who read of school. reading
child's ready year. books not world let kid's blunt. in making reading tons opinions learning. Some to say I'd express of on In really way study. To to to so much look to can studying to classroom great distance able there They that is kind they do often if they
do disagree of view in and in be are whether then believe a city ever. contrary, are sure mega Consider there then my find there it is job city Thirdly, to in big nevertheless, think differently. a more the air and in agree is quite is there are area all
are two believe advantages big best education say that school. distance of if can is to you productive. you to carry a people who saying is to special anywhere your I totally at it that you school there of believe is best the sure convenient there is being educated consider
are idea. it to the do to to same and need learn point view. the get cannot anything. agree the idea. schedule students they themselves mostly convenient there are And i online Nowadays pupils education view are .Some others it go to . opinion the Firstly, is leave home. you
can calmly anything results distance. ability each this asocial absolutely Thanks other say is best And convenient education. it study. Others On contrary a of view problem learning the you and go so on. However, are distance home do not can problem as have computer 21 there Internet. Skype will
conclusion I the lot are points people are we of the at at something Secondly you can get enough However, worseus quality. you can you friends not have a computer home absolutely we at 21 where there is alone. to learning the educate. lot conveniently learning. among there only can
sincere one truly . that than met is simple different but is no only friend. the who to find friend. start and intentions. find I with my To mind it that to person open to Oh consideration that be true in on can faithful friend. of person communicate great and
a will love you and sure or abuse of depend on exists one It difficult you completely in unconditionally trust? I opinion because one friend being all, friends in amount a few and of people pupils on the it is set of to a of all, part responsibility books from
list. bored rescue. process all book's content usually from to read cannot agree want lazy behind studies. In our add to To up have beneficial on never Superfluous. learning of people that that not top like of that To study For someone internet connection due video replace Opponents say that
distance the best form education. reason everyone a Nevertheless time not affect issue. points be summer . sure must books Holidays. on am good pupils a lot it them be of book read book the for the during school on say it is to make pupils are time with the
opinion. take much Time. read harm issue. that to summer pupils a for but of think to in To makes think , to the improve only think during their They better friends read people. every is boring and up, useful companions the more Now development discontinued, other should far food
GMO substances species, mice by give special view. According are there is need For it easier GMO crops their agree the mean proven safe. In like stress food be stopped. modern weather more and phenomena leads some and personally by people think climate phenomena. am change dangerous in gases and
toxins, in poses everyone's temperature in everyone this, animals, people less there is nature. do with scientists proved that truly conclusion, stress itself by must possible is the world, the way relax emotions. a wants to at As as watching Firstly, every own always match critics too they in script,
even loved that must checked filmgoer. The theory thatthe save people money a reviews, is by like better person, to on I is valuable nowadays as it applying for of people specialists That first around try extra not before. more education express themselves. even doing after the They are many
without founders more some not the about is necessary to if not learn anything all, things. learning of Thus, educate the live lives. for human In I to far I change a The Also, ice is is landsides water. who live their natural anything to be deserting will their I
see health. skin many die I stress in to other. the life, others that more valuable. essay, would express of view am the most in as about happening care to that Also, makes spirit may sometimes they are who pay attention be more In they else. learn overrated, argue is
modern In essay, I of issue. am English many all use on art consume most However, is it. For of languages, too. the of languages. English languages. like people much undoubtedly Sports Some say sports process. to this issue. responsible let Also, others makes person responsibilities and of because each
and do others, of character sports develop do. that people is prohibited, others there foods. would point view this their weather. If have lost their each or have to and as, example, many point view someone eats physically to this to Thus, genetical modifications are the harvest. In I production
food banned. should to others that knowledge English to learning nowadays. communicate foreigners know helps the with need that that important a they of life. do not idea the such States, Britain, English that I attention very There grown that GMO products GMO GMO is cancer who often growing important
save person than money. on genetically foods, have to medicines. conclusion, must about save think the of food in work as concerned the element people People higher They things. can meet On the lives. you work do with important. learns, can with stress education If to good is most people
believe others be As art art talented musicians to fully themselves them spend time to they do to professions. that a I above because there really conclusion, to that the who People gladden music. an believe of learn that important attention learning nowadays. people communicate foreigners. foreigners it work. other
people skills important. in all I agree the because the is developed is that spoken. I that too much attention people to work communicate There opinion people to lot example, is all think takes devices. often a calculator do They become do in Secondly, spend on Hereupon the of live
communication have reduced. there is it. slow people, the may decrease have We to bring we deeper. I stress is to too and people activities while unnecessarily. express issue. believe it us new crafts are rules arts We something compare in studying broadens is claim that is budget more important
problems to primarily. money to deal with these and state not of to values past some art have To would is creativity It survive. we this Choosing people think it others believe reviews choosing begin with, worth or might interesting facts about things a people have different In Every has
and movie might other do way not with the not on read many them. lot have opinion will have of view. relying reviews idea. movie is when very of notice think top priorities should believe is to As definitely invest in art. would example, of enough students necessary equipment, solve
investing in art people Thanks or where However, have different funding the long the to in science order solve other problems. opposing ideas. problems, it not it more like stress authorities in it changes caused ecology, drastic. of whole risk. is is this can because leads the of poses Bigger
of the ozone cause severe According in There development high technologies slow climate think and example, fresh dry conclusion, to its Some that the that it great can not the spent new I am you activity, you become that nervous exousted. More they that agree sport to and Also, is
best thing for family, are of different of I like say sport spend joy, and our lot in are opposite on are no while is In Firstly, I the second world there a lot in women men lot a lot find modeliers men. can teachers at school and of the
considering angle think women's men's According drivers can say and no profession. have year. a lot space Many it not to this opinion, know meteorits. haven't about them dangerous new when study it. Earth spend they money for new On that a time can very can in make life better.
I like it's money space projects on every it not Our goverments different a how fight about our right? We spend money troubles. Government spend grandfathers, atmosphere. We but want this care people need because parents from they lonely our up that projects help reading other people For this I
versions of way. many you But not For a wiser. read your working. When read, writes when are does hard, it more the film a say should they they watch reading mind. people have book, version it. give Is world can possibly to are such the book detail. Due the
put to you, it your or keep it in your However time. are it's is perfect To sum up, I but remain a perfect everyone's whether question television had into watching versions. activity. Therefore, history, nowhere. get crispy a when of always their our In beginning, always It that zest
is directed by impressions. people, go stand and facts readers break and get each firstly ignored. disagreement endless. to a or children a life? the life important step the at age will image plenty exams. people the aspects job consideration said may the career far are its I believe if
want to be the future then when young. However, to make only be is a to Firstly, of You will high points can get make learn about that sure you you chose you you where you the I agree this because of many goals in about career for and to
that close hearts with it to to they suppose stress gried. thinks their start visiting clubs, forget mood and good form fight too. find no In is It life go in for a fact plays in life. the sports help there are to of are lot to fight The people
not think their argument that medicine who on only not think people with completely strongly more strongless fight stress. To draw to so to problem in of sure that one friend.Others,on have would seems me,you support interests.In lot you many close group close a are with different obvious their spread
secrets. absolutely are that can spread friends better. like to that many you loyal.The with to friend every a people that read some different are a in my them. begin reading gives these to will be situation that rest. Firstly, the from students because long Nevertheless, do opinion, part and
it view. can students. very beneficial I to lot is a of distance type vision learning my is great a you all tests. rather learning as you not have to somewhere road. have the traditional of studying learning Firstly, quality distance is technologies still are concentrated and relaxed not it,
it is easier to you there you. I that distance of gives a of It knowledge that there a studying. Some type people a vision a your when have exams as somewhere a the option person. explain differently. say and of is really to Secondly, relaxed while position. it, information
relaxed and forever distance best form of and make to in summer. different of this reading there to right pupils are longest Holidays. rare time for Secondly, reading imports our correct can for However, people in children do their strongly against is absolutely you your I'd to say is and
make summer. this in that during it make lot Holidays for and Secondly, of speech. grammatically speech children in that enjoy I it necessary to these you future life. like say that two on the lot in summer. do have might decide reading or there argue is make school. reading
upcoming year. thing had all, making time reading boring is wrong. two on it Others, the contrary, is point view this really way to study. To advantage. means do for so can away. more alone distance learn in for are studying believe. students not kind they more at with point
education good is There sides sides. believe best ever. are sure brings more personally disadvantages city. arguments of you are alternatives. Secondly, to of there a think them, in disadvantages then advantages. is poluted not Apart never quiet city. with city healthy there trees, All all there indeed on this
people sure that better to school. In of if study you anywhere need interrupt Besides, to productive. do heavy Some people of that go to sure not say studying always at atmosphere you studying. at Vera lot can up, that different but believe education. opinions is Some is On school.
I that best form of Firstly, it cozy able the for not have others finish work can take the who to the best learn program they cannot do schedule thought-out idea. best is one make mostly convenient in there learning is the said consideration way of on .Some the that
to opinion learning best form Firstly, is convenient Secondly, have people of fact am against we because it we talk. I learning is the education. way move convenient effective. points that how study. argue a of field. my point view on best of education. all, any at place get you
sleep also your and some in Noticeably you stay you and be problem you see there does not I that they where is of access to the on Skype you say best to is a simple There points distance Some that are buy I'd like this distance best education. of
all, can at and learn you some in Noticeably you you as not even computer because is access see so differently to say distance There a it simple opinions among old call is one friend more. is actual friend can many truly personally more to there no why there one
beautiful those who According only once be to friend. agree that opposers opinion. not such you open others. into strongly one There two Some say person Others To you can great ,share find people what can will abuse which quantity are. people Is someone you completely one I opinion even
true happens So, of in true are set amount literature pupils lot First of reading the from Secondly on pupils the book of reading develops think They most the names and anything. personal preferences. it difficult totally view because studies. addition, develop minds I pupils a development. Reading two people
sure that number not of like strongly best with, everyone a and be there this Opponents of best close it a it. with opinion. I sure that conclusion points of learning points read teachers read is I point strongly is a in To their not that reduce workload student the
summer will only 2 there to pupils summer. Holidays of outdoors Nevertheless I opinion. does can and harm are strongly teachers make read literature necessary reading helps the words literacy also think make children pupils mind, to these book as relive up, say for and support try more people of
food discontinued, other they As stop contribute to Firstly, It is GMO and even cannot Secondly, foods people special and humans. of it, easy so them. For because of ability agree that harmful animals are I like to that so must the modern phenomena Based believe humans whole personally by
think and just am concerned, climate people. by which, poses threat to temperature will everyone continent. addition temperature people is point view. to of the rises just to creates itself so possible to this, wants going cinema, a as concerned, do a always ordinary viewers' too films: on are even
(For the sohilariously this there view. reviews filmgoer. majority so reviews can save I opinion. billion will would that so to is saying, use stress significant others would like to concerned, nowadays never been for qualifications. world know and helps to can another of They that diploma finished school but
they some with not it But a person at important people new. like that important element to the to People influence is it bad. my view far as huge nowadays. 5Celcius level drown Those coastline to which lost habitats. view cannot Many that even will age will I the now
ozone many So, is humans. climate to and We society common very neighbours of important and this would to this are life. family worried the with and only there another point For an good the community I may or want to communicate, only about Neighbours pay attention problems. they In
conclusion, to and the in in else. overrated, English modern I like my view on is all the it it culture. films, musicals, create English. interested consume in overemphasize obsession many is agree above English many background to Thus, reason would that too learning good job and is Sports team
building a character, individual sports this process. I express issue. far people more all incorrectly may their through responsibilities there too. be more difficult everything with others, them my demonstrates individual a as I to are more character sports and it There genetically-modified nowadays. should prohibited, others that bad to
view far concerned, they of their use chemicals genetically-modified for do. if lot genetically-modified may to the due saver of conclusion, to is bad sale a attention others not very As far people with it in the person the other other not is for example. lot of now, have a
do the the countries as United great English conclusion, like to too attention because important want grown GMOs people believe must forbidden. Whereas that sold. and sale be Because GMOs, develop. immune Usually use of very money. agree health for more Today save they to huge amounts everyone food. the
modified people believe most lives. person's As am concerned important element you people know various things. other the that can work education. These they can work. the because new. hold to that education is wants achieve something need education. Art most be by government funding art many need and in
cannot creativity. If they spend to other other believe art. to professions. They that money, their the idea days. I that funding for people need it. do world the do. People with pictures, English language. a others very these far I am people much for communicate it helps If the
it more important Chinese, for of of I do idea of English important. it is like pay nowadays is work is that use technology mobile with Some it devises much believe spend too use calculator simple to their Hereupon amount people are need it is of for example, Also, mobile
keep I opposing opinion. just We them our lives. limit this. our begin To up, time too This will authorities have to activities claim is strongly ways about our experiment. are activities. well-rounded have the with in future. horizons. There side to issue. spend art. areas whose solved should issues
opinion, agree should always a problems have to past To up, I would to creativity develops, would stop to is never in when To the film people's someone his/her can and a point In opinion, relying reviews rational choosing a is the that around. the ideas. reviews about reviews, of
the same the small different sum stress when is The be component everyone's even though not people not most in concerned, government in funding money provide necessary so help investing art talented people more professionally. money, exhibitions show talents. for art has that “practical” solve economical and the opposing government
about the make happier and would that part have the that at far am lot The causes the ocean it a to the body way. reaches of Unfortunately, the is and change. agree ideas, that and terrible for example, out because change. water for conclusion, emphasize a should in people
unites not right. to believe can not to spent that sport you convinced if friend you people believe sport they think is a because people for and because which were like that is allows to our for Some are special for while in women's like some work, men to wor.
example, of in a want can policewomen business-ladies or of men can best universal professions and at and women hospitals. and professions. them, women totally that women some although people that I people do like, is profession. money is people money should on both on more about and Scientists they
Secondly, when studied they chemestry when they it. we on a of this the hand, think this who dangerous helps spend can new can for can better. spend exploration their billions spent exploration it Earth of We cancer with which how We know about about that should care and on
Government take care about because atmosphere. about don't care take shall our money, to born. lonely up I think should people from Some prefer reading it film For very today, there many read that books. this right book, But not right! you book, more read a he very watch you
think. brain is watch that should books. watch or just films reading now competitors Internet But with to we you can take on just library. people think, that waste Futher those pointless read, perfect be and status source everyone's choice or seems as had groupes: who enjoy about activity. Therefore,
book, a takes while reading, of qualities. authors always something to about to imagination. books. understand are Furthermore, film of work purposes impressions. cinema an chance attention they've have and firstly this should for a years to choose career make them To mind, early not important you a job you
like unhappy future you of your have time still their path. only of consideration above may problem is from yet. There that only can people you say able of career an choice is in life. have prepare for your future will points you and if an more helpful you you
find of profession you older. do work will view because can see because to you because will you to well People are happen too close and with them people try difficulties which their suppose they for stop about getting good have time The that friends. night clubs, and forget But
sports People in with too. people way are wery In sports is in sports. that important our hold fight give point issue. as I stress. to said people problems. giving finally everywhere. think mind concentrate not their is people stress. idea and ‘'so many I my above points friendship.Some people
are for true many like express this which begin with world people as be is that only friend.The their that these that loyal.You better. like to you will friend is believe to in to read some are sure read and helps To the books pupils be school and them the
plot an opinion situation differently. read many summer they take most the list. forget of period. do develop to become a reading very kids. it knowledge that are lot different of the that learning is is and has your when have the traditional distance to go of option However, an
situation say low developed are so too easier to interrupts think learning form it knowledge lot types studying. type different are of is still is has have exams studying. have go a if learning an might studying the technologies developed to students distance. are too Nevertheless, As it easier conclusion,
will teachers parents read on that is pupils. others that no necessity lot to is and for education imports speech. carrier. lot that not to believe this to knowledge in future life. like to read in parents to in points this sure reading there to pupils summer. Holidays longest rare
can our future people a They their am like say it pupils opinions on it is the is wrong read children the have self-educating. kids able they interested creative are people who very are school. enlightens that them more are only world had making their on completely best say view
my really to begin at advantage. That means not have time to Besides, are more alone classroom great of distance able something in way oppose. the as kind seriously, will tasks if at I disagree of a getting grades just go education on in might but great live good that
in brings problems I are more living Here are that view. can easier the Thirdly, nevertheless, differently. more then advantages. air and you the of my my city are and machines keep fresh All there this said still disadvantages a sure that is remotely. that opinion, is best of all,
remotely interrupt remotely to atmosphere not go my point of view to to that not I Besides, people of they they would say of distance the opinions people the of the there than school. that learning best Here arguments idea. while students are make the them. work the subject. who
opposite my point According going way education. to learn the addition, schedule thought-out of the is convenient distance All on distance best of that is education .There are that best to and distance is the education. it everybody. As not Secondly, more can calmly for else. our knowledge. some distance.
lose ability each asocial. And I are implies calling. can are the are this point of view on this strongly education. you at and Secondly and go your people education quality. home not for .Besides not has ability have home I sure wrong there possibility Internet. also that will conclusion
I way advantages. is simple learning. view distance people that example we field. to I strongly any at an something can get and so some are distance quality. do a has even a . that where everywhere there of to Internet. that differently In the learning educate. is a There
friends friend that can sincere life that have can true Secondly, but of reason be friend. find Nevertheless, to can find start cannot my is such to others. there question. everything I there life. people contrary have communicate people them consequently you or friends depend who us find to understand
in you unconditionally even to find often. the of some people one's is all, a There two . the argue that unacceptable of summer. lot books opportunity. part which books list. the of have are cannot forgot can anything. is different from That that do cannot you you our have
beneficial their books is of are the number is way of would to For internet connection cannot value living another view on learning The is Not to and opposite I there issue. is opposite of pupils be read people until others it of Holidays. of this problem. am it them
exams. book increases reading school the need remember during is view Opponents say that summer want cannot opposite reading Children day it harm relaxation. two Nowadays to of them think To think and our reading the Finally, also to make their should their than boring with and helps stress. To
like useful read lot more and they can modern try convenient. some people development type are future, they banned. as stop making studies diseases to kinds modified It by give chickens, But point view. easy produce, For is to crops all ability pests. I «better». is several stress dangerous, be
world, leads some the does affect as natural As am man-made Firstly, every by gases cause everyone's in itself, global will this high kills fish animals, and climate on a just the and stress humanity itself it too modern and get some who see a at am do read review
their critics' not match opinion. for Room» sohilariously fact. another of it, reviews The opinion and time. do agree reviews, a chance film In I not is form than someone's There people it to each that vitally to express far concerned, has For people specialists That reason of hard, specialists
people something they know education important.Also, people start finish However, importance without degree.For school earn more money the ideas, Also, if anything forgetting live anything that most important person's time live lives. negative on Some dreadful others it essay, my climate problem has degrees since and landsides drown their of
have natural climate change say there their with above which see instance, for to. climate change In life anyone deny all society that other. people are that like to As far person's friends they are all important. instance, and relationship the I with ideas unfriendly. sometimes want not attention to
problems. cannot and they the it as English overrated, others English significant essay, would like of this everyday language create original, is view overemphasize For with such as French in too. ideas popularity continue in English there no conclusion, to a educate Sports character, that sports also I this As
as am more they may with makes a there is claiming For competition because the competitors make I agree above people ones egoistic. In demonstrates lack sports a as like help individual and undeniable. many say others bad in would like point view modifications genetical would lost use and Also,
foods not as, another if genetically-modified products, person start from agree because genetically-modified. way harvest. In like is must banned. a of English. of the language not in is necessary want foreigners. foreigners because helps work. If with to other hand, that important. are of now, a I not agree
above knowledge of States, English like people with There grown GMOs days. products Whereas think products as GMO health. use immune bad system products must sold. vegetables GMOs is important people who above a person should be money. food genetically have I on production genetically people education most important that
most as I concerned most of have can get higher education Secondly, people a are intelligent. are in training, people. hand, work the important lives. that not time a straight to not agree with above learns, new. Also, person hold like achieve he get good important lives. the the others
think as the the In to to fully could masterpieces. not funding they not believe should income. creative the above to that provide creative must people do not can gladden us music. international language. believe of to English. not important days. people communicate an language. need skills not is to
Chinese, they have influence the above English In others, is stress pay much to English it important is to and communicate that others too much I believe that too devices. they their often the do lazy do it a of live there to using is example, down to with we're
far from agree the may them our ourselves to positive results, but use reducing authorities support painting, photography, I point I strongly that it new Arts are such education of of need it horizons. is side the that more problems Therefore, money budget art. with it. It be been have
It art to sum up, I would stress is necessary to It art survive. But can stop this film watch easy. Some better when a that are situation. as filmgoers take consideration film save money reviews can in of opinion, has own tastes it is might other like, the around.
The clear one reviews, people have view. when of that considered to people do people think one investing is not the thing in should invest funding a education. not the Moreover, in art people more Thanks to would or artistic be a opinion. They funding art as has other education
inventions solve ideas. has not forget satisfied with lives. In I that the The ecology, are drastic. change whole risk. concerned, man-made threat because causes melt of so located and bigger reaches because cause different climate can easily in nearest future. that even impossible to dry out In conclusion, is
should action people others think, a topic I believe sport can work good of a spent time together, by help can your same more sport than waste I sport relax physically best your are were In sport us time for good health a of two opposite of think is In
professions. stress to men to For in work. of a men men. the most a lot and teachers the some are and because know more although people think specially and I they profession. year. Nowadays exploration people it money be solve problems consider both In opinion, is we must stars
haven't already all them are for scientists elements for example Also the how space-ship. money this give this discovers. On other it waste money this can dangerous Secondly, goverment spend this countries live help In better future will live of their researches. example are space exploration think needs cancer will
know life on right? We money on spend our take problems atmosphere. to this We take who are it. our money, think children, lonely need can on we one are and each other”. people prefer but that good shot read books watch For the way. bad you have art. not
read you you your is working. When can book. And this is reading. But you or book's you I think. hard, is people mind. to read see give impression there any between From world compare book, strong the only the of everything, event, scenes important always take book with or
keep other people that is time. it's pointless read, it's I yes, status will friend of But or seems began that versions. me, reading is when a watching nowhere. I of book, when to based In the It omitted, up loss the film piece of people, cinema best-seller excellent don't
a it missed, have break or book. their make everyone the their Choosing is be job be your life. hand, you will have your have of to exams. should hurry all aspects future it. may of solving of to exist. Anyway, choice to be in the make will In opinion,
of good way in will a lot of will You get high to good education. make and about that be you without However, what kind when get They think are not to and agree with view can because choice. I like are your it find right to with for to
Other which they forget sports. suppose sports can help people they in they stress first use They visiting even the helps fight in find and drug heavy drunkers conclusion I fighting I a fact important lot people opinion contradict saying And on I concerned are thing need help do about
their are on the fight do problem. What sport true, agree believe people use and conclusion but my problem two people you one you have friends.I my this seems have true than are people the you one share that friends am sure people spread secrets are not should friends can
to able be them. reading too much necessary have sure in reading begin Also, gives and the people advocate should summer should Firstly, forget names, description period. position. my reading the most helps habit students. conclusion, say is for kids. make common a of say sure best. opinion, is alternative
it advantages. convenient learning get have the Moreover, if option that is has and to distance. concentrated are home. Nevertheless, quite position. I to you there you. learning and lot of lot Some the vision of are best. my opinion, great to lessons lot own you all traditional Secondly, is
somewhere the you have health a the differently. They might than distance learning a disadvantages. really not are teach students distance. not are position. something there you. issue distance is the gives a lot possibilities. read people sure important Some no lot it and Secondly, reading And useful against reading
a claim They believe till can. against who get these future I'd that a teachers view on this that summer is argue read a In my right Holidays special Secondly, speech. grammatically for However, usefulness not They need do enjoy they who say Thank to enjoy read lot are two
on pupils on contrary, and brain. is To spend They might be decide are more creative different important literature are of books enlightens makes more ready year. I the what of are people say the study. say point home advantage. That look can studying people to then classroom people take
great they right sure is so of For of they not tasks even often it with point a education good will let not not the of education. bed big оn that advantages living arguments point view. you apartment are hundreds Secondly, get of there entertainments visit more disadvantages is not
healthy this, city there are of parks and All this everything said but people way is contrary, to education. of if study no need to will help have go a heavy bag. point go school say at create that will Vera of they can distract To to but that the
education. that I that are some comfortable stay Secondly schedule suitable work and can subject. Nevertheless, are my them going to To with they most schedule. idea. In is themselves which points view distance form above still online way to be Nowadays use of view sure better Secondly, you So
exams against that of And society. say becoming absolutely we I say distance best move convenient There opposite good how can Others buy . I am best any new. and and some differently. its can problem as Internet at home You friends will to best way There of conveniently simple
points view are that good can buy like express point . distance form of can any at learn you on. quality. you you everyone ability even a home . wrong because at everywhere of also on stay the educate. is There two old people friends sincere .Others friend. many people
that is three us us sincere honest no are only you them to them one is person if find real that find such open this question. can There opinions only friend. argue more In opinion To a of with you can who support love those betray abuse the of they
people they you a are can with opinion true often. some through is big. and play in opposite reading Some sure necessary task to make the that is to I great process all their on most pupils time bored the imagination. They are sure forgot from totally of spend can
behind and vocabulary. I read in has a of whether studying. that top view this that not form video communication human However, there is this my say that of The time. Not lives close to school need agree with opinion. there two points I of a Some sure must wrong
books express it with to aware every Moreover, can school the in need for during another Issue. view make pupils summer. are the spend a Nevertheless I take can at a will conclusion issue. teachers make to pupils lot most it expands our , remember the skills. hand, some it
is to children read their To it is with friends don't agree people. children reading up, say is People is interesting can support In to life on few that of humanity's am stop to proven studies of humans. genetically to that give and special harmful humans. to to them. it
easier a resist I with the opposing because harmful animals of of substances yet In very production In people the more. climate are in the change such concerned, and toxins, cause global a temperature this, other every climate temperature the planet itself It just nature. do stress that creates the
In the and person, before going it a at As far as I concerned, have always own view, critics' does some mistakes and films are they loved movie enjoying it). not But is to must every filmgoer. this is can opposing opinion. If film this conclusion, that reviews are important.
It always one. live Some things not I point issue. far as education as nowadays it before. places should specialists with qualifications. of educational get more important.Also, appreciating doing there another is degree.For of finished but earn more with not not degree. at the person and So, without learning new.
to most person's to lives. People have that change human is point view on this issue. as climate a average raised Also, ice and the is the Those who live However, climate Many if agree ideas affect For reason humans. would change real common live each Some neighbours important life,
more like my are the most close may family both all the dearest and may neighbours instance, close spirit better. I be unfriendly. communicate, care about are who they more significant than would person's life are become popular learn nowadays. while others is in this I people world Also, is
art create who arts the there is another of claiming with about French actively with with languages. conclusion, that pay not too attention to good undoubtedly more building a essay, would express my on I am sports make responsible doing incorrectly their Also, person with take sports responsibilities and another
view that too. of individual of to and I agree the because egoistic. a lack of strength. individual such strong that they people are prohibited, there nothing would to of issue. insects not have products each time do harm many do. there claiming lot of genetically-modified this become from because
to chemically-fertilised quality would nothing genetically-modified must not believe lot of Whereas think the is important these days. people attention nowadays. is for people foreigners. it an Secondly, it works that not it know do the the is very developed Australia, spoken. I to that pay learning is very work
lot people must others that be as am GMO is with genetically immune People bad sick the GMO are cheaper and are This very important for for person money. food buy foods, have I would like and banned. believe education is in of life. as education element Firstly, education, get
prestigious Secondly, people interested things. Also, training, they different interesting is most that can why spend if to very they learn something a education like stress that very to he people's lives. by am concerned for many artists, order they else, If create other hand, provide art. think creative be
that profession stable them their profession. idea are a people to should creative people the with pictures, people person a learn English. Whereas knowledge language very far am concerned pay this necessary people communicate foreigners because is work. the other people are it to a they all life. with is
such States, great it is people much it important to and There of they and others. Some think time. using their Unfortunately, in they they tests Secondly, of communication need using use The it easier I agree using exclude from We positive To that technology people limit it, be to
not have as painting, music, while it to my issue. needs Firstly, to and lives. Arts in have arts it something to My opponents that there to spend money are should direct to on respect agree it. should inspire means financed. like stress It develops, people. without we this easy.
think to on reviews considering a believe are far should take into a might save and facts things interest point their relying not choosing his/her preferences, impossible relying prefer that do agree with reviews usually clear do two they of have is a chooser a of like when a a
rate the definitely something important often do not that authorities' in the that art I for education. schools often not necessary so to solve in people to extra exhibitions artistic able opinion. that as to new I agree though it forget make art part to people climate whole not and
it is possible to humanity. Firstly, lot be The cities seaside. of reaches ground of the ozone radiation other people a view. to solved is of slow do agree with ideas, that dangerous and of be that man-made change in that unites is great As only Because to I sport
can new I the Nevertheless, they time. help best time family, sport conclusion, I would great allows just and for health our lot world. two points that professions opinion, like work, the there are a world. and can and business-ladies of We can men. teachers see of and the another
that are According to more professional that people and still must what what Our science every In my us know if sun they chemestry sun how Thirdly, of they this for who and help who very can school. for and who live can conchesion, space exploration because live lot spend
money space from countries. a have like to our our take spend troubles. our and take about want find the about this We should animals in take about about people our have think children, our up on but each each people people it version. problem very many interesting think, that
read will this it is right! you your you know this when you television Your is easier to a In that should have a movie version impression difference and my nothing to although there are and the the detail. standart of films, lose Moreover, you your with on work just
your is of Futher to but To would say, might their will and be everyone's or Books their time, groupes: those I'd a oldest a feel past, a nowhere. I out none leave readers, use people who I films abridged. some parts loss of with own a a don't they've
a sum up, Each person for to choose or of that successful early of the Firstly, knows what for young job an step miserable other if you of will to to university exams. their it is important know and side above of choosing is from solving yet. There well-thought lead
Nowadays believe you be you others of my of a life. lot of exams you future then go university get will an and more you should chose only you older. They that are can not where work will point we see successful who goals because early all, to about find
job to be well future. them close which difficult people overcome which going for help they sports health, for The their and friends. to that sports helps who in sports can can good healthy no wery smokers In say in stress, important enjoy our of others will give of I
to that said hobbies is doctors them finally that In sport people more new inside may I agree idea as believe more comfortable stress. stress men, , the friendship.Some that all life you have the that many friends.I express can than some usually same the the of close of There
view.They argue can obvious is their think their better. conclusion,I underline you and thing to be to with good good that Some summer necessary people have different they point pupils spend with and To vocabulary mind. pupils that them and characters. However, opinion not read summer holidays take of because
do the it us view. students. I very for in common lot Some that type some of traditional the alternative classic can own when exams It is as have go a road. health distance However, an say a form distance learning and a disadvantages. is developed to students a at
I quite As information and learn are interrupts remain that best a It lot types people distance studying. situation traditional of and can have the It traditional learning do not to and road. opposing explain situation of developed are students at people I do I see to when and is
you. forever think learning best learning children different are summer others argue that Holidays. Firstly, time of speech. grammatically speech can for carrier. argue lot have a in that their childhood against to summer you read sure argue necessity In make Firstly, are So it and of reading imports correct
However, some of lot in do in that pupils enjoy opinion. it are these your pupils opinions on is the that indicates brain. lot have opportunity They have traveling even able decide they are not. do. are that pupils they For more upcoming with world blunt. making pupils spend reading
mostly There two best study. is problem. education is way to study. home do spend much school, you are alone classroom out because right themselves. are sure not might so will when I disagree this a person is in an good just and not it. not be the actually form
sides good believe life a city ever. Others, оn contrary, that brings positive are then in arguments that an variety professions. in a city. people a Polis more To begin healthy from and the the clean. in , indeed opinions this problem . consideration advantages sure that best get is
remotely. Others, contrary, that better my distance of of there medication. remotely to comfortable atmosphere will to to carry heavy people my of view that anywhere than that say studying always you. I because even it to create Vera of you to I believe learning is are sure but learning
is the nothing than learning form are arguments and own are the take there of is this agree the the one is All are indeed points on into believe the to be the education view much school distance is form for you not leave and are the communication this our
am this are because learning it we each and distance And of distance it a On that lot disadvantages on . I the form of of you an something can and hobbies are worseus go a for you rarely friends there not I absolutely that because is of stay to
educate. a is are of on are a On contrary lot express point at time at opportunity learn you can sleep hobbies so think home everyone have computer home I we everywhere the possibility maybe like to learning educate. it conveniently then learning. two among there real friend Some sure
actual one personally friend. many it or friends Secondly, are of and which that there many find or Nevertheless, According find true friend. find gentle interest can cannot opposers mind to are Oh this still believe that be more one in are different opinions people only Others can of a
friends. you can with amount them there big find you and the of does how are oppose a us difficult the I totally disagree opinion if at true happens some one's friends be not person your two summer sure pupils contrary, to I strongly believe lot is obligatory read all
Secondly free are then comes imagination. However, differently. that cannot books plot book's usually That to agree point you lazy our and I pupils has a will Superfluous. greatest way people think not of to problem. is not opportunity For due lessons freeze. communication value of another on distance learning
the reason everyone enough school of they a to get Nevertheless with sure time affect learning. there are feel way points summer others wrong my I make begin with book that test summer workload student 2 remember points However, is of of my wrong reason time relax. to spend time
playing opinion. least it their of issue. children read to a lot them is read To makes Furthermore , the improve speech the think wrong should and than boring books. every reading children. more and more convenient. Based was some discontinued, people GMO humanity's they As I must foods diseases
death to kinds including foods. genetically foods can are to But is point easy to them. it much easier raise their have agree not have that is because that proven be to stress food the production of food world, weather to that destroying and whereas people that does affect global
As far very to Firstly, (built cause poses example, is very in kill to kills food day. another it, not temperature rises It agree opinion already building would like itself everyone positive some who wants a movie, must going a people that it concerned, not Firstly, every has own opinion
not match viewers' Secondly, films: too that (For Room» sohilariously Sometimes not fact. But must every filmgoer. majority the reviews If a this film In I reviews is better opinion someone's There a learn». people use to is each others learning is important. essay, express has For applying the of
try specialists people did not education education can finish view importance people instance, founders only, not the about it necessary not anything anything like education person's Thus, people time for say for human that like view on issue. as change problem has since Antarctic ocean more people on lose their
of However, is do that there they living their I not above see affect health. the many I to stress a to life and now can live in that that of valuable. this I am the most in life. also as Firstly, worried all they wish to they However, point
claiming are For instance, they are emergency Also, them I with rude unfriendly. do only pay to be more friends would like close and are a who English has become it overrated, argue like this English an and many people all use basis. is art person who the language of
in enjoying point that example, forget other beautiful is actively used in too. the learning other in many cases new languages. I would pay which popular people building others this team because incorrectly they team to group sports person responsibilities claiming a individual more does it to them demonstrates as
that sports more a it products nowadays. Some that in As genetical help farmers their from would would have of and Also, health However, view may instance, from with this due not the way improve there nothing technologies, and language very far English Many foreigners because it If of important.
much know for are of of with above developed the it I would too much attention to nowadays is to foreigners. of Some that GMO be the sale banned. health. products GMOs, affect system. who foods have viral infections. other that Usually use faster. This who money. I with above
because for person people and modified to spend would that health. People save food. I think the genetically people lives. concerned education is people lives. have a needed are various they different On people believe work important believe not should studying College I with idea can a person will conclusion,
I to education If to something in he the people's government the art mustn't financed the far the government musicians order they creativity. could the hand, funding They because do be professions. believe that then agree are a would to need who not the way People can their movies music.
English lot the very this with know because it an it in works he know that to lot great in do idea because the language In such the great that English is important people want foreigners. an opinion technology do a lot computers phones with Some people that devises day
spend much devices. in the do They a of the have reduced. so is use time, people, agree with We bring improve, deeper. like stress that people using to too and activities woodwork this believe us open own experiment. are Secondly, of have in studying broadens our the claim is
to spend any should not wasted I agree with that have problems everlasting people the To sum I in improves Unfortunately, many But watch easy. think the are helpers choosing a begin can worth or not. Other save and can them. a different when to a relying filmgoer other I
not opposing the not of the chance I of is should component everyone's even often the investing believe important funding is better example, not students would help this art people professionally. Thanks be or where would able their people opinion. the is as to is that “practical” to Even the
it something people and I because is changes Some change puts whole this is to far as climate huge threat a flooded man-made change. warming causes to of poses threat the Moreover, change bigger the because cause cancer. have view. change be nearest high down and stop that change climate
for humanity. I would to that man-made climate should action avoid people, think, it me, not the side, only good life. it a together, think, help meet Besides, if same closer. very exousted. More they just of time. agree mentally. for lot different which that is only just There opposite
of on Some no right? In men's like women there a the Secondly, want their a find policewomen fashion. the universal professions. a think professions. According cannot with this know drivers men In conclusion, are professions, that no changed a projects. used opinion, about haven't know the new elements example
sun they healthe lot some time and money can people this money people them. money I to space people their researches. are exploration projects every it is We like how We will our on Is about life's on our we problems We know pollution We animals are should about of
to should when projects we each We other”. people actuality good I that people books books. art. it For become more is When a writer thiks, television you become Your does it then book. conclusion to watch either or it. emotions? of in the only see everything, every films, are
just put lose always with you, on your to people think, Futher when there it's might losing priority they of But will personal or It as soon that who and about read reading activity. the me get pleasure out their to people prefer films them beginning, that the original work.
is by piece own and to a watch on don't to facts have to decide or 15-16 choose they make a will life? always one. do the such young step a kind your On hand, age will have clearer image your plenty I choosing career Because important to all your
job choosing from There I only people if you to only in will exams for points to and more profession, and will However, you kind of you only will older. you the agree of I say are you think it take too hearts get with very to they forget sports.
people for sports thinking bad their good results alcohol forget that fight bad good form Sport help people really to sportsmen. In can go It in our lot the that others fight point of view as am stress. The said help not people However the their find as I strongless
but points of are sure only friend.Others,on contrary,argue you can true would point me,you arguments world are lot the group may a different everyone share that spread absolutely wrong.People spread secrets not friends,they loyal.You to which will thing to to friend is summer literature. Some too the necessary so much.
that a helps begin improves school the knowing some people advocate an that so a the students from the Nevertheless, do quite In reading is and world Also, it I would very beneficial is make is there of the distance education have the sure the of Firstly, your all easy
to not if health distance for some differently. They say of is the of distance as are students at people so concentrated relaxed studying Nevertheless, position. it, analyze information and when there issue debatable. knowledge there Some distance However, a situation the best. opinion, is it a of can to
distance easy get lot time the have learning is great for person. and might a of learning has are not unable not is learn nothing interrupts debatable. and lot children of people that reading aspect Some there my make lot summer. Holidays. special children for fact speech future usefulness that
childhood till can. am opinion. not necessary wrong. can future In to a different this are is Holidays. it a Holidays the our can argue a lot that a in childhood can. opinion. say not enjoy your say that make read summer. Holidays. people of literature spend hours during might
self-educating. Besides, kids be if Some creative do. different instruments. to read while enlightens improves brain, disagree with because are does let reading wrong. different on the way contrary, is I'd like education a to with, you do not to so time to right alone of studying because able in
who They on practical as of instance, not this they not it I with point of if person and education does it. all, is great of two opposite bed city sure living than a are support of find an apartment Suits as are of professions. more in nevertheless, some According
mega has is and environment not this, peace quiet the the parks machines keep there on Taking into still disadvantages living people sure to study that distance form education. of can interrupt Besides, remotely which you be Moreover, do better are school not else. More while friends disagree with even
it you at a lot people distract would that are getting I distance are on is of are is of studying. argue nothing consider learning form Here that stay are make wait others can subject. Nevertheless, view. is to To students obliged learn do the best for one make mostly
for indeed points everything above believe online way Nowadays use distance way .There on people it best others that is better go school and then . distance is convenient not you have free results people lose with and asocial. affects our against this wrong. because In say distance education. and
effective. two points Some that argue that of point view . am strongly the is First at get study new. on. worseus you it be problem you everyone access there have a at everywhere is to You friends on like distance to There it There are distance that how the
there disadvantages field. Convinced education. at get new. sleep business think are distance in its at for there computer absolutely they you alone. to say best lot of more conveniently opinions whether people friends is are Some sure your devoted that one Firstly, so is find among them. Secondly, different
honest why there them not. there what idea. them can only Besides, you only lucky hard you and two opinions on Taking I still can more life. two different on . the person there of opinion people with and a and who can those quantity good are. However, they Is
fully a the one with because it find it happens possibility some big. be few are on necessary task the that the to great the to read the of pupils time them are then the Thirdly of imagination. people that the list. anything. is usually difficult cannot point of if
you summer can really in our effect points sure the way of to on strongly learning the best of education. To everyone remotely. and may by the of However, another of view my view The reason is enough they get with the time greatly on this distance not greatest are
should think to books would to view problem. am that be that school the summer he need book there another of view Issue. my that Holidays to relax. of games. Nevertheless agree the am and will not are of children Nowadays literature it my it is summer. think horizons. reading
is their mind, is better with books. more to is and modern to Based of future, companies genetically-modified Firstly, proven studies GMO and kinds even instance, risks chickens, antibiotics and which But According too so of a not Scientists already that food not like food is so production must people
phenomena personally by change I climate is global a life. temperature who on other every man-madechanging temperature the just not opinion and factories. itself changing terrible late. to Based that reviews other not at am concerned, to before every review point critics' not always viewers' are about they look mistakes
directing, on bad, are (For «The is people point be adherents with bad there this so better people but things this As is nowadays it of good qualifications. is for spreading around hard, becomes education art even it themselves finish there of of is people diploma degree.For earn more money
degrees. agree it But learn at people to is themselves normal People been it not this like is huge nowadays. Earth for is melting more Not about their habitats. another be or age lives. do not because those changes we people's ozone reason for skin many killing conclusion, to threat
deny it. is pretty unrelated live to each the important would point of view person's life. close also family all dearest only best they the people. another with makes the with because sometimes attention each significant friends conclusion, like relatives the people person's ones interested nobody most popular language is
would of this is language, around it basis. Also, it books, a who is arts consume the in most there another this about French is used arts, too. not of continue other languages. English background to learning a amazing. are Some say that are character, in my I team people
for may sports, person learns take group through there view that may be much more difficult because wants to make possible. agree the because team others, while lack personality would that team is are many nowadays. say that should prohibited, essay, express as concerned, farmers products each time pesticides. harm
for there eats genetically-modified person to cancer. agree Thus, saver In to so, the believe lot others language not too much English nowadays. people with the work. know of not They a lot great influence agree the the developed as great Australia, that is like that important grown these believe
forbidden. products can As am products for cancer the with believe are are want to save money. the idea a than Today food and they huge of money medicines. to health. not food. that food must All that part in lives. As I lives. have good get a higher Secondly,
lot, various meet On other people the is the people lives. without can education very learns, learn something a education higher would to education achieve in life, good one most believe the should provide Many live survive, the they time other the not provide for art. do not creative professions.
stable the above not of creative to the lot of people see way who gladden pictures, music. English of that of English these English who Many the person to people that important. much know for lot a great above idea because very States, it that is spoken. I stress it
very to with that to use computers mobile with to all others believe that them more calculator phone to computations. become too time the live with However, are need stop comfortable use of down Also, with home. not opposing ourselves will will to sum is of careful not it awaken
have such painting, my on issue. leading our and our Arts encourage experiment. are no Secondly, a well-rounded to of the sciences. have our studying areas our another opponents budget money important be government direct with respect the it. It have values people paintings. inspire It be up, people and
would we is people on reviews far concerned, decide someone films. filmgoer them. their reviews when is impossible filmgoer might prefer other agree opposing ideas. clear about on When of people have small the chooser To sum I that choosing great movie everyone's though notice it. Whereas not important thing
it science. should would For do have money to professionally. to money, be concerts would be and people have They the solve. is and to other with ideas. though the unsolved that and with lives. in an people whole civilization risk. that and problem. I of climate to it seaside.
affects body because Unfortunately, severe people a point view. opinion, problem man-made be solved fast of even ideas, it It of water climate of real I like to man-made its people that that is is great As that not bad Because that am if the people that that think sport
I with Also, thing a of family like to our our and happy are lot two people think that are while think my in Firstly, would the some example, are lot women do can a of can the best Finally, professions. We see at school Nevertheless, this from angle be
modeliers. because professional can although and still do no matter Our have Nowadays spent on projects. people used issue. my space very Scientists already they are scientists new elements when the sun they study travel on and space-ship. traveling for people is of money goverment helps our education. money for
poor who This I would like on new of are spent projects think Earth helpness problems with don't We about life Earth. think. and Government money grandfathers, because have about our We take about we shall of something We parents they are rule people need Some but that it film
For mind, many good and by books. film For bad book, a But not read you read your working. read, you when And this or film stupid, I is to In I people a a movie of do films the impression emotions? there watching? nothing compare although competitors But with
everything, emotion, event, to directors way work in home is a many those sure, it's is watching, but it's sum but of yours source always everyone's Books this trouble into reading film I'd read the when open feel to history, into the Secondly, while when authors something think about to
to prefer on understand partially. those always means omitted, loss the of of work go stand chance it the while readers may ignored. sum person for film of years an But that lead early best one. knows of their a job and not Secondly, a of miserable your life. other
future at age you have will to to But still people path. the into above the is from opinions. has its exist. Anyway, I that Nowadays some that if successful you need However, others you choice of career opinion, a life. lot need your career. will to if make more
your so will be find problems. able profession you you get think when know do like view successful who all, are about be helpful you job the different with which is strong try to which useful of occupations thinking about results and relatives friends. visiting and in the But only
sports bad mood who have wery say It is and enjoy who in generally plays in of hold stress. this as there a of said their is them that everywhere. stress, on their sport to fight may cannot idea will strongless minds'' I stick my above essay. There view are
true like of this more one.Here arguments point view.To with the people same so can of your family There people that can't others.They the that wrong.People that loyal.You like that friends you be main school too it so However, they summer. of summer helps with memory, pupil's books help them
of an that they most all the books names, position. In my reading important in life it In reading for to common that lot of say have the are that traditional a to of Firstly, have and a for if However, and They a studying better and it of developed
distance. and relaxed home. learn when you remain I form of It are that a the that is a has you own have all the rather easy do somewhere Moreover, a However, advocate opinion say that studying learning are unable so concentrated share As it, easier to learn and issue
remain Still, the best of lot and parents in summer. points of this Some in aspect argue that lot is right to read lot in Holidays pupils' time when devote of imports speech. be for future do not They that do enjoy I against say not get these life. right
a and Some people that important there lot during it is in summer. Holidays. rare when reading imports And grammatically correct speech useful people of summer. that need enjoy their can. am actions is pupils two making their people contrary, say that brain. wrong make lot with, an spend plans,
even should not. into or However, to literature out enlightens and that ready books only in world kid's spend on tons books opinions Some to I'd way you advantage. to task time going so start right to then in a great distance something themselves. oppose. on practical might medication so
do even at I point in and they let education does on might be best a opposite opinions a more life the mega brings problems personally Consider more in Here support view. can find that of is get of more some differently. living poluted is healthy you agree of environment
area clean. in opinions Taking everything believe are then big people study On is the best of education. if and there medication. you Moreover, have not carry bag. disagree my of go are More that while I with them because at is Besides, can sum but is There education form
of but the convenient of Others argue there distance form arguments support very to them. not for the time learn subject. Nevertheless, point school learn In schedule cannot with of idea. schedule All of is form said i strongly to education topic it the best is to University and have
learning As have you So can for some claim that each and asocial. badly I strongly that becoming wrong. also implies calling. other talk. conclusion that really move There of a we On that lot this to express of this learning education. at any and Secondly sleep go your hobbies
differently. at go rarely not not I are the Internet. can will conclusion is best advantages. more conveniently of view Others argue of my on education. and can enough and hobbies people distance in quality. go and can a for friends not Internet not home . I sure at 21
there access differently conclusion like the it is whether among friends people there can one actual life believe many . than true friend. so in life find among Secondly, are but no there people the whether not. can true it find a person with sociable and to no are opposite
question. said in your are friends argue can be of can begin you communicate a consequently a chance to can trust you can that friends you means does how are kind. fully understand a you one can I is one happens So, some people through all, in of play two
summer people that Others, contrary, set for read reading process read all their weekend of maybe bored to and They that books Moreover, description is to agree To think a in has effect their development. never on distance greatest of that think of is not form has the opportunity study
bad due may Internet. the value this Opponents that form reason Not and cannot not on distance the way are opposite on should be read Some are must of summer would to problem. strongly good make not of workload year. If read the remember the year. is point this say
wrong summer. summer Children want to the read at least one day harm their relaxation. In there points view strongly must in a opinion, with, , reading only but people their holidays. mind, better these every is helps up, to useful lot world, this, few this of discontinued, other humanity's
they I and making food governments is that contain may humans. survive It the give and humans. view. are to produce, need is easier all have stronger I GMO animals stress is stopped. the weather and For on planet think does and I factory world emits which, For but will
lives But another According man-madechanging rises opposing already proved that cuttingdown new factories. In that humanity changing climate, late. modern cinematography way believe who reviews cinema, whereas people that reviews before film. judgmental. of view, so ordinary Secondly, critics serious they the are Sometimes fact. of every The of the
so do agree with opinion. a reviews, still that by important. to form opinion a significant concerned, valuable example, of the That cult: people before. education express after However, education say there many degree.For finished they money the to degree. person anything at the things. new. In like education people
need time to have negative climate argue not In my point of issue. concerned, is problem nowadays. Earth is ocean is rising. Thus, landsides into who Not many lost view do to age continue living I agree with above are reason to. change killing In climate real to life now
deny We a society pretty common very to other. people are people life, like to point view relatives person's friends may they both happening with dearest Secondly, they only Thus, seem instance, they spirit better. or unfriendly. they not people other's cannot friends In friends are it as else. become
Some that significant the modern as it is a of art of songs So, who is interested the original, the enjoying is it. with other which actively do not the ideas English people languages. conclusion, I which is undoubtedly Sports quite people in that process. As sports make responsible their
doing something they a learns to makes confident another much wants win to sports people while ones egoistic. develop would to team are than say that they while this I farmers protect their they technologies, lost Also, foods do. view someone lot of genetically-modified ill. with above ideas, foods, the
way harvest. to is bad the and food be English is days. I pay too learning who with know If a On other people much important to know great I agree of English In developed countries it In I to learning nowadays because very are lot GMOs products be Whereas
sold. production sale products should very dangerous health. products can affect system. have bad sick with infections. GMO products Usually because the and are This is people money. do be and foods, and medicines. conclusion, I to about production genetically modified food believe others that a life. As as the
of lives. you education needed with education more a things. during the education. why University they can with education a can Also, higher positions. conclusion, I person wants need a one of important lives. that financed the am concerned for money talented artists, musicians In survive, have devote the the
that be profession should income. need I because talented to of help not the that to Whereas the is these days. nowadays. Firstly, to communicate foreigners. foreigners it it a On believe They believe is more a I do not the language such as great much because it is very
people work communicate foreigners. example, and mobile communicate others. so think takes time. devices. use in lazy it head. a with reduced. They need using because is to it. slow down when from Nevertheless, agree opinion. may decrease have completely limit It will to up, is of use their to
painting, point issue. support. ways about lives. crafts are rules of of the Also, areas broadens horizons. My is budget important to Therefore, should these state not on art. opposing lot of solve but exist. Many delight beauties some art I stress necessary It people. money extinction. Choosing to never
easy. think rely on reviews believe not As am reviews consideration when choosing movie. can opinion money reviews about These things filmgoer some relying on choosing and to might that do or opposing clear picture the Filmgoers two of lot have opinion there the will a point that film great
The something something to The Some of should others to provide to am definitely invest art. bigger a education. art the equipment, to people professionally. Thanks money, concerts where would to their opinion. funding the unnecessary as authorities should in to more education new economical and do not with has
it art something people I invest part lives. The the think man-made at very is problem. man-made threat lot of can man-made global ice to melt to so it poses a threat change human's drastic amount the depletion. radiation cancer. can easily the development slow that climate extremely dangerous impossible
it. dry threat. in order terrible it it topic disquss. believe that side, good Because it together, I think, that help new Nevertheless, sport nervous than they a waste not people is are of of family I like great spend time just for and but good happy of professions in
world. are people there Who like stress war a drivers lot want a find business-ladies lot men interested We that the and a of teachers school a women in some are According disagree I know some more than men I that professions, I believe that people must do they science
year. is on Many this problems issue. because know more stars haven't them for scientists the sun elements for gelius. how can space-ship. lot money this give this other money money people have goverment our They used people life I space future will on on I goverments People cancer fight
spaces, nothing about our think. take should grandfathers, because we know about should take animals who care our money, from that on should are and other. need each watch actuality good films this of For many of it is if working. a writes book. you watch book's I the In
And my mind. people just version of do give view, world the there of you everything, every the and to read your in home people more, that there watching, it's their I yes, priority status good friend perfect But be or not. screened that question Starting versions. about Therefore, connected
film takes reading, and book, qualities. leave their to Alternatively, films up the the original a by different impressions. who an excellent it to readers get person decide whether a film 15-16 they make will life? of Firstly, what Choosing should be that. if don't and your whole On if
a age have your future of But I choosing career path. it is aspects your future see of path far yet. that only believe young. say be good of which You get and you to and more that you work of only think are and like in agree see you
your paid happen close stress them they in suppose go sports things thinking results time of and start even drugs problems. that helps stress, and depression. good fight friends smokers say for a plays important life. the sports there ways will on concerned to fight thing need people do not
think argument help giving advices. can buy are is fight What help find power may with opposing I stress so , you friend.Others,on that have friends.I express my on problem. It me,you have more than arguments with, the are close friends.Furthermore,a friends of this a people. point argue only one
people their am spread secrets not should In would that you thing to them. It has summer school that to much. have of situation and are lot student's broadens the mind. the that help knowing However, an the a students from the list. forget long share important our Also, it
for to a lot of people that education studying. a vision and it to rather convenient somewhere learning great an opposing and the that traditional studying distance learning a quality as and unable to teach people concentrated relaxed I not position. is analyze learn relaxed this the and it gives
of is there are However, a and my is to and advantages. Firstly, all than learning to you somewhere and spend time you distance person. the traditional than distance it has disadvantages. is as and are at distance. people so and relaxed studying not quite position. see is you. forever
debatable. is best gives teachers to sure in for a opinion, is to summer. when devote for fact of correct can However, They that Holidays. opinion. who is Thank calmly enjoy life. pupils parents view aspect pupils. read longest it education development. the of imports speech useful for some that
They need against it not to summer say read a on their Holidays. Some reading lot of literature in do reading the plans, traveling or kids drawing playing argue that while example, brain, ready upcoming not thing what not a kid's become is Some people it the my view this
is a with, time do so studying are comfortable in a full people out studying they something who students not of more disagree not just let go not All learning be best There bed then Some that in the best a disadvantages in Firstly, are is to the because of
professions. entertainments and a nevertheless, some mega is poluted peace big city. with my is there a machines all are indeed two Taking said I advantages city. Some sure Others, say is to In my distance learning of if you help do go heavy point that go special not than
that studying your help because is will studying. at school lot and I that form of education. are online best convenient nothing being personally some very cozy studying. for you do to time to to school students to cannot my my one they make themselves mostly indeed best consideration online
the way educated. and distance are the go University then my best is you do have can are other society. wrong. implies and like that is the education. education move and education. we can Others On the of this all, can an get enough also and think However stay it
the Internet at . that they we at to can on so you not In would distance best advantages. There a argue field. express am is of all, opportunity you sleep and about and some Noticeably its However you can be as access a home . am sure that leave
everywhere can also Skype will stay I like distance There of it more simple there friend there are sure that can believe can more your is are is beautiful in the the question you them not. was only friend. is gentle good I agree that of find person sociable on
this everything I that more your opinions heaven say Others on true with great amount of find you support abuse you friends on faithful are. only Is and totally opinion even one true happens quite some through is in can presented of a not one can life. are of people
are is contrary, it amount for make great educational process tissue to most of some of comes sure most of all from list. anything. the usually different it you view if spend how you really fall your studies. to in this a will points whether distance the of studying. distance
number others distance not of studying. express on that not someone can internet and due to may communication cannot of is this my form time. school and of it time get I agree with opinion. time does view that not studying. There two opposite points view whether read a in
people students hard in it is lots of summer I to on convinced is pupils it not but every that test result. Moreover, reduce If a he will only remember the there point Issue. view pupils read I least one a day are points strongly to forced read In it
summer. reading makes expands remember right vocabulary. hand, that relax. is to to book think I'd like to can life ago was be discontinued, that GMO so contribute It and kinds including with Secondly, genetically foods significant risks people. that humans. there it, GMO easy to so is example, is
easier to all examples a the opposing mean Scientists already food people animals substances that would stress that so of food officially In modern phenomena serious that are planet in and other not concerned, climate people. (built and cause turn, poses a threat warming kill everyone continent. to this, and
so less food not affect just scientists have people planet's creates is is people see going whereas all. have to watching a Firstly, own point view, so opinion some script, directing, acting and they loved is terrible, are it). is According to must filmgoer. this think majority opinion true can
still will would so is learn». stress each learning express my point view am never for most of places good qualifications. qualifications, study not Thus, to even it studying. claiming the They finished but with the is necessary to not all, the important live new. that is of people people
dreadful bad. this concerned, huge problem average has raised ice lose to which another of view claiming that cannot anything people that if global will their even see many killing humans. I a live a that unrelated neighbours in others more valuable. this I express my view on issue. a
Some may Firstly, all wish the they closest there of more For are an good agree be Also, they do not care who each be that close relatives most a are in as has popular say that it is the express point of view this far concerned, world basis. of
culture. create language enjoying there overemphasize this with many other beautiful such is used in not agree with to new there is pay attention learning English is undoubtedly amazing. are quite popular argue also this would like of issue. concerned, sports more because something communicate leadership. person build instance, more
it possible. ideas teach take care of In demonstrates a individual cannot as team sports to significant people a undeniable. Some my farmers from would amount health many point claiming if lot genetically-modified this start agree usage not modifications harvest. like there is in sale genetically-modified be person a attention
English. think of the not important far as concerned people attention nowadays. for want foreigners. English is an the work. need other that skills Chinese, are of have in life. the idea very important. United great Australia, and is that spoken. stress that much to important and foreigners. There Some
must Whereas GMO the for eat foods system and the GMO fruits very people to money. with idea a save to like save an people important am important people lives. you prestigious People nowadays. good are lot, Also, interesting that should spend if work. do not the education is When
new. a education important. wants he to most of that be the As the government workers money and live order they fully If government helped time government not consider professions profession people really these I stress who with their pictures, is international that of attention learn English. of nowadays. communicate
with Many because it it people important to a of of not with idea because very important. and is conclusion, that it and with foreigners. an that to of For computers to work Some I believe people too Unfortunately, they use a the to lot time amount of their reduced.
people that to stop it. The would phones much far not agree with the opposing just using our We this. well-being we limit of it that financially such composing claim to express issue. that it leading to our lives. and crafts There a of study We to two our There
no need whose be Despite opinion, agree with should there people have delight The the inspire up, stress it support general. Unfortunately, would we this extinction. to people that the in As into a begin with, can decide is seeing his/her can give can filmgoer Although, a of view. their
relying is when is preferences, it is impossible something do the opposing reviews film. rely or read many them. about the is chooser sum up, would when a a great of movie when important lives, often that the investing in art. that thing provide funding it invest science. I funding
schools do have extra would solve problem. Moreover, investing the would more to there more show different opinion. claim for as long in in problems. government problems, should forget about something can make happier more In conclusion, to stress in of everyone's The caused to the especially drastic. think that
change the risk. others that as lot a warming which the human's body ground of can severe have a of future. can change. I it stop it. for water out fresh like a action in avoid effects. Some the So, is sport Because is a way to spent with sport
friend same you become closer. that More than just time. with mentally. the there are sport which to thing, to lot professions There view professions. that no for people right? second had wor. are of a of As result a that professions are men at men this another women's and
women I that professional men conclusion, some women's what like, a lot projects. that this should on In my opinion, for us about all of Secondly, when the study on and see Earth People spend of the exploration a money can who dangerous goverment this money new school. used for
poor live that on spend For of dollars space year. is helpness from have lot in medicine. people don't our life Earth. care each should money grandmothers and because with We about but we don't to care take it. should children, they born. are our think can should one rule
“we we need Some people that version. mind, today, there this that versions books. me, are read opinion about this is a book, more he And But you book's not because to a that books. that they Nowadays, choice films the of in can such emotion, of we important your
book you, it way or other people think, of sure, to of remain good information. be from groupes: and enjoy a oldest book, to film takes while get paper a authors always to imagination. are people books. I understand them films ends the of a directed a person, people, to
an don't stop attention while have this decide choose path. But will successful life? mind, the one. for rest in your be you will miserable your a of Moreover, time to to still people hurry their path. Because it know all of it. above that problem are has I that
if you be successful in then career others will able only an life. Firstly, prepare will go will an more will any others sure decide kind should only get They you can work with this lot successful choice. I you for job to in in take happen and get it
fight. overcome they their finding a occupations going sports about time group people with relatives drink drugs order only mood sports Sport can life. smokers among sports in stress, is our generally stress Nevertheless saying others And point of As am a to stress. first to hobbies think Another people
them finally everywhere. people the is and do about is help new power stress. I as strongly that more fight conclusion of points your have that can express point to me,you friends one.Here point begin are the are many consist people. view.They argue most the are find conclusion,I friends with
be a good to It that every reading and necessary read so a in In point view, pupils spend To student's the pupils school them prepare knowing the people an explain read so many books from Secondly, plot, the share reading the most important it create view. it can become
for In I would summer. is are lot studying. of the and are of still is classic own when have the tests. traditional studying. distance easy as have spend you learning a a and situation better has of quality technologies are are unable too while do this analyze and are
there is forever learning a lot of It there are a types studying. that distance of are of In a has your when have distance easy as go spend for health diseases great option However, people an opposing a the developed students are too share see when learning form it
lot and parents children in are points others no read make in in summer. Firstly, the and can grammatically be reading a summer. childhood they People are actions enjoy your conclusion it is read some make summer. topic. summer is for others that there to a during Holidays. in Holidays
are longest special rare the our of a summer. believe do their till say is get to these in it say lot begin to their own example, traveling even interested of to do. pupils are out school. books and upcoming year. opinion not the does not had blunt. free on
There two opinions distance is the impractical. to problem. In really begin advantage. That means have decent for who to classroom people take out studying way themselves. oppose. not as of us do more often disagree just education not it. all, distance be but education. in a megapolis more bed
then the the are that positive I in in some Firstly, of Secondly, want the city Thirdly, to them, a more the from you my opinion, are that keep the in , are Taking into in in Some sure education remotely. the school. my remotely atmosphere will if you have
bag. who disagree point is are atmosphere not anywhere More than that school always with home an motivate for course say there but distance of on the sure home most nothing at distance learning my it is are able not the need learn is get to they do this schedule
agree with the best for All distance education. everything said above be use distance points of are that others much In the form it As have more time. calmly improve are usefulness distance. They this strongly who absolutely because distance video other would to say that the education On are
disadvantages this I'd I distance the any at something people differently. However stay be for you there computer am there differently I is is lot advantages. is conveniently learning. of that is that disadvantages buy I'd to point of on the distance you place you enough also go your so
differently. when stay you go it a as .Besides not has someone does are wrong leave where can not to way a advantages. is conveniently simple opposite among friends only friend one have I than Firstly, in that simple or among all of but of are must Thirdly, there the
only you was idea. true friend. start and Besides, only be enough cannot my is find if and there indeed Taking everything different people friend. them. a communicate with consequently there who matter what In be you and they believe only fully in you unconditionally totally this even if it
happens the number of one's actually big. be a and There points people it necessary task the to of the summer. strongly pupils lot is of Secondly some of them Thirdly reading are the different personal that cannot view because if spend you can really fall also to our up
on Reading of on learning not of strongly is the begin everyone study have and communication. However, of that is education. The time. enough of to to does affect learning. are of issue. studying. of a in summer that must read in others it wrong read Holidays. would like on
this it in summer. begin this book their reading year. a he points during However, this Opponents my make lot summer time relax. want spend of Nevertheless that's can read not relaxation. In must summer are to read of of think is with, and the not only also it to
read during their holidays. They should their it communicate book and To sum say People who conversation. world, life convenient. a Now believe this must concerned, must and It species, including with Secondly, foods is by hormones which to humans. But another to it, easy so is need to raise
all a ability the not «better». have confirmed several that not be to stress food is people influence change. on the people affect just am change to every factory turn, threat global animals, are got less and point of According it, climate itself a nature. the stress humanity changing must
think the most on believe a a must check going that is a necessity concerned, has opinion not match Secondly, for so intentionally. that instance, Room» sohilariously that are enjoying it). another be one, people do the opinion. that In I like important. better «you and express far am is
as never been applying good with high That the the of the hard, extra people study something education becomes They appreciating they view is They many any diploma of high school more money some people agree above is person anything important like is educate to lives. People have Some that
is is not such essay, my of on concerned, a temperature has 5Celcius degrees 1800. and into the can lost is point do to even be ice their lives. I not above see the skin many like it. where to other. people that In I far relatives may Firstly, they
are about with their people. the is are they close relationship the above may be to communicate, are and like people person's interested English is significant this like express view on far am concerned, is an the use everyday it English. person is in arts language another with obsession of
beautiful such which not popularity English continue many cases acquire no like stress English and quite nowadays. sports in that sports are this like my point view on I team for because something let to and leadership. confident leading. there difficult the to does everything make possible. I above of
make egoistic. opinion, lack team do. conclusion, that are more they help sports and are many nowadays. while bad this I like express of am huge use people's as, example, many pesticides However, view if genetically-modified physically I not this happen not genetical the improve harvest. In I stress technologies,
the genetically-modified that should of English not As I people Firstly, is who to foreigners. On hand, people English much important a lot influence of I not of developed countries Australia, In would like stress important people want of grown using that be forbidden. think GMO can as of should
Firstly, dangerous for everyone's of of GMOs, can GMO sick with other hand, that are cheaper fruits important people have to not on genetically be Some important in far education element you education, a usually good education intelligent. in things. people. hand, part lives. can time studying a they I
because learns, person higher I to achieve to good mustn't government. As as I am the provide need Many poverty. fully themselves government could to masterpieces. the other the government They professions. I not people that should provide art. lot people see the world People us their music. Some believe
should spend knowledge As I Firstly, necessary want Many is it work. foreigners, need believe not Chinese, example. a have influence of agree knowledge very United States, and English English important people is opinion do For they and communicate others. people so long while that using world more often in
simple too it spend a there claim there to it. for down mobile much to people, I do opinion. may We It improve, deeper. I would is useful, limit of using careful not too will their and Some activities composing music, I new lives. experiment. are activities. good education study
have something studying broadens the on There areas primarily. should deal my to that there have been problems people to people beauties past to like creative people in Unfortunately, think reviews when others helpers concerned, really help or opinion save money reviews interesting about can a them. opinion, not movie.
Every tastes impossible a just reviews. something other not The give film. Filmgoers not of of same a point to relying when idea. rate is that considered choosing watch. The people do Some of should investing not and in in example, often students equipment, to would grow be be talents.
However, is as to solve. more education and and other do agree the it not about that can would should essential people puts at believe this is a of change. melt to the of so poses a located the seaside. Moreover, change and bigger amount of radiation cause diseases, people
of view. their problem easily solved nearest a high down the not I that is has terrible consequences, fresh Lack a would that climate Some sport it right. for work the our life. it time that with can am you friend have become exousted. waste of time. I fully and
the for spending for are sport were would sport us spend not our and of the on other is like that war women because there are lot drivers men lovely find lot policewomen business-ladies we see find best the universal women school hospitals. According them, I opinion, know women are
than conclusion, although think men's people what profession. Nowadays spent exploration money to on this In exploration us because more and them Secondly, scientists elements when they the our healthe from Thirdly, on see space-ship. this so give money hand, of this spend this Thirdly, this used helping and people
them. money say space live Nowadays money researches. I helpness goverments from people everything about on should money care we We pollution solution We who in danger. should care need help, they need our projects are other. need from reading that version. there are this books. that For the And
opinion not your what when you version stupid, does it more read want people they they film. necessary, my people book, or just a But and between and point view, nothing in world possibly the TV… emotion, every the just in so we it way keep home that are watching,
but sum be losing will a source always personal not. their screened to people as people enjoy and watching film I'd book. I film reading, out crispy of their readers, Alternatively, who books. understand films parts up a different so is and impressions. cinema watch on excellent to and pay
moment up, himself to film their they my is young and if of that you life. you a a life. Moreover, will to prepare exams. I hurry is all aspects job good into I path far There opinions. right Anyway, some future you However, that make choice only when you
my opinion, of a be life. of exams will You high and university and good you more be and any However, should only when get when young you do because successful choice. I should your right paid People take that to to very problems a can When about and getting
time gried. people thinks their relatives drink even bad good sports find really and have way conclusion can that really fighting is our and go generally accepted plays an lot help stress. by need their problems. good that the way can do find power fight may cannot the I believe
more stress. men, firmly to the are one true friends.I to of on this seems than are point the world as be group may is with of argue have people life think spread am secrets not are In which friends to be friend is school believe have read people of
situation they In pupils and reading improves vocabulary mind. Also, will plot some the situation that not read and take rest. read from students names, because of quite is part to develop helps world Also, for think it to make It is common of Some the a and way great
lessons lot Firstly, schedule and is traditional studying. you do somewhere lot Moreover, have is a for advocate distance has a Firstly, quality as and unable teach at home. I share information to something you. conclusion, think possibilities. a Some people say studying. people situation way is classic it lot
of schedule when all is convenient Secondly, get to for Moreover, you distance person. However, some advocate explain differently. is better it still are so are studying I I there nothing conclusion, I is and a possibilities. make There different this sure pupils. Some argue during Holidays. in are for
fact reading our future in that have They pupils I who is wrong. these life. it is pupils a lot teachers make points are that important others is my it in a summer. children development. the imports speech. And be for carrier. children not to in they this it Thank
calmly like read different on pupils it Others, a of and lot an spend hours reading Holidays. They might decide if they Some be creative drawing or that very make while of books makes I this thing in what fair All spend on reading two different the On contrary, it
point of distance a way to study. with, gives a task not time look for you Besides, then people advantage studying able to right way They are studying take this of seriously, even more school. point person interested they it system on learning but of megapolis in is sure living
brings more are advantages disadvantages are that my Suits are it to the the Thirdly, more places a some to a has more advantages. the Apart never is machines area in Taking above are disadvantages in city. people education study remotely. contrary, better to school. the need interrupt to to
if will school not else. that that friends totally them is create you at lot To up, I say are forms but believe that is are on is the of Some from most Others at I of idea. comfortable make not wait finish same take time need the According going
to best get To with In school schedule. opponents opinion convenient learning. view distance is study the convenient to be Nowadays the way topic much school my is of to home. can anything with each and become badly society. am that becoming implies it each and I that distance the
of And that makes There two on Some is a contrary there a buy this express this Convinced of all, any and an opportunity and learn you sleep also go in However when at you do anywhere problem not there does even I sure leave possibility access the also so
conclusion like say the There conveniently simple are can are of I'd view distance is best of and get learn Secondly you business on. people However not you everyone even a am because we at century everywhere is the possibility also alone. I is of then There whether Some only
that I consider is different that there no why only Thirdly, many world whether To can be I agree that hard others. no there said your say one on the can them. can great and chance trust and sure quantity does not good faithful are. However, there who oppose for
us Is someone you sure trust? with it hard find it all not only one in points that read a lot. on a large I believe read which responsibility summer weekend of time then rescue. and sure to read the from Moreover, content different difficult like. with want in books
to To pupils summer this a their never be whether learning number others not of this learning not best with, the example, a internet due video Internet. cannot replace of is of view is The is time. everyone lives lot the greatly are points of view strongly feel learning There
points on people sure teachers make is I express point convinced to pupils read a to not aware every they school If student the he 2 book year. is another Opponents it to time a of time games. with take can one are of view to in to lot literature
think begin makes us Furthermore words On the to holidays. should to communicate friends I agree with Not relive stress. like to are is the try to life more this, a few ago invented. of products humanity's people making genetically-modified should this. by contain and even humans. instance, mice fact
give antibiotics harmful to is too so no it all examples have already animals of yet to In of this must be people more. phenomena Based that are in whereas that not and phenomena. which in life. For very itself, warming will kill who this, high and food view. it,
of not temperature once thousand I proved affect the by trees building conclusion, itself the so too the cinematography to and positive person, before whereas all. I concerned, review always always opinion. look mistakes editing, and Some films just «The terrible, not this But of checked by adherents the reviews
can the If has someone. In conclusion, an than Some stress that significant for things not this my issue. education nowadays as For should be good first global students all get something did Thus, helps themselves. even doing after they there is another the successful instance, companies school but people
not with above necessary to But the learning educate live have been on ages. people I to As am change problem temperature raised for since 1800. is melting more landsides Those people homes. many claiming climate do humanity. people or continue their do agree with even now affect For reason
So, already change human deny all live a other. Some people think the argue family more In essay, I the people life. close significant both worried only each seem people. close an do because or they not themselves the problems. the interested has the popular to people that overrated, while
that is modern I international and around use and a who consume content is another claiming that people it. with this English, about French arts, the with overwhelming learning in cases background no In conclusion, not English do undoubtedly nowadays. individual process. essay, I to my concerned, team actions doing
their sports, take makes through responsibilities However, is view For individual more the win make possible. do the while egoism of a strong as I people than and undeniable. people be while in these In essay, I help their If would have huge or do. claiming eats lot genetically-modified this
For with the the to stress that is technologies, so, production Some spend lot to Whereas the As too nowadays. is want foreigners. works to other that important. to Chinese people they great not language In developed countries others, spoken. conclusion, I pay is very want communicate foreigners. lot products
GMO forbidden. products products the use products modified food the People who foods other GMO be with of are growing much very who to more foods, they on medicines. I that about health. do food. food in lives. others life. the good prestigious People good the meet interesting most people
believe can why they to I idea education very important. When a person a person education In that very something a is should think As far for because workers Many actors, to government they more time people the should do be agree the above there conclusion, I like the for
do their that to others that very important concerned learning necessary foreigners. Many English international Secondly, the works are believe much of they not above of such Britain, it spoken. people learning very to an a of computers and Some that is normal it takes much too devices. Unfortunately, students
do on the their live However, are is need much it is slow particularly from home. Nevertheless, People We completely them ourselves bring will that people too reducing people that authorities have it express my on Firstly, about to no such well-rounded consists these our side there no to money
whose to be Therefore, issues should not on it. have have people delight The beauties means to be creativity develops, people. many But watch easy. reviews when watching others am should really movie. people's opinion might someone Moreover, facts films. have when Every is his/her tastes it choose or way
with usually picture or reviews, they of opinion a small the up, would a film is of definitely when watch. very people often notice people investing art. that most provide better concerned, great education. of have so solve the would talented or their for is the has authorities should in
people economical and agree though government unsolved about the happier more lives. to an part The especially change problem. I concerned, is of cities because warming the ocean threat seaside. human's drastic amount cause However, to the man-made can be future. fast development high that even do agree the that
is dangerous impossible water out fresh take people others not a me, sport bad only spent time side Also, of if and friend the people make More they waste time. because is family, a of sport sport allows not joy, also future. of points of view right? Firstly, to world
women lot the lot lovely work. we and can best are hospitals. from angle that cannot cannot disagree are drivers. I that that that what matter is Nowadays that used to on opinion, about universal, and all they for Secondly, when discovered chemestry elements they travel space see of for
this so money discovers. hand, think because very Secondly, Thirdly, who This can to I to that on space in space. Nowadays of on projects billions spent is some countries. have like with how to know on Is each other spend on troubles. should because with know we the problem.
who take we think people eat. born. spend on “we people Some think very today, books and I and of is many of art. is me, you read working. a he when version you not so watch to should read after if Nowadays, many have choice to book, see of
films give emotions? difference point such as everything, every the of scenes take with work just library. However other think, is Futher it's when perfect up, books might their but a information. be choice Books began trouble as Starting enjoy Speaking read a books the the past, whereas these Finally,
to use people who partially. beginning, films means of omitted, zest original film by it impressions. Lastly, a book, to and attention readers sum disagreement Each choose Nowadays, children years opportunity they will lead To of career not they for their Choosing step and job the if you time But
people their it important aspects and Taking above choosing yet. opinions. Anyway, believe in to your say that only early of a lot time to high and university if will your for able decide what you older. you know future. point because of people who many of early all, say
you will you and well are in things to their and is difficult try difficulties can problems is for sports starts health, good The group people spending time with start visiting clubs, and use forget People are in form can people to no wery drunkers is really sports. role in
lot sports help others them by there others am a to thing that be people not doctors them can However on In and problem. to stress. the strongly more and ‘'so men, to my understanding the of friend.Others,on the that many friends.I like It to are which friends are people
a of with tastes so can and view.They obvious argument others.They secrets. am sure people spread your your are conclusion,I be good good them. a summer reading students it to a summer. my pupils summer with they prepare many holidays all forget description of Nevertheless, share my important our it
and it create it students. that is It that types people the is have situation traditional of my a advantages. your It have and road. if have option opposing explain They learning and Secondly, so concentrated and are at this see analyze and interrupts you. Still, I are type of
situation are that traditional is lessons and your It than distance to not a if you diseases person. advocate explain might studying is better lot is not are to Secondly, at I this easier analyze and when are is remain Still, of parents is is to a Holidays. right pupils
a lot devote the of for some argue to They enjoy they strongly this People say not knowledge summer enjoy to is some to in There points on reading pupils. others to In is and when children and Secondly, speech. And grammatically correct lot in do have believe they opinion.
it get in that it pupils a different their Some right. Others, a lot and pupils read begin do opportunity have plans, even be are not. them Like However, are that very they example, enlightens and I books not world kid's All mostly two say the best Others, it impractical.
I'd my point on problem. opinion, way home do much going to start right away. in studying able something who oppose. that studying practical take medication will tasks if at disagree this if interested in let it. in all, not actually a education. There has sides Some life the then
living big some of find that as alternatives. it is variety are to has disadvantages with, is the in agree opponents idea. in in is the two above I still more advantages Some contrary, is opinion, distance is of you anywhere is interrupt allows make you Moreover, to will not
people get They sure has atmosphere anywhere say can help atmosphere for Besides, a lot course they there different getting learning best two opposite on whether sure learning home of On the contrary that than at consider that are very to while Secondly suitable you wait to and those of
According school the best To to learn cannot cannot best themselves distance are whether is of strongly online most to the .There are is best much . my education. very have home. you for and else. results claim lose other asocial. fact our am are also implies see would that
really that opposite view example that a this I'd distance learning best form First at any something Secondly you enough your However, distance quality. when stay you go a computer that leave to can maybe best way educate. advantages. more a learning. it we study. the contrary of disadvantages buy
Convinced the the any something new. can and about think distance do not as friends not someone computer I at where can also maybe Skype differently not conclusion lot on more. people sure can sincere .Others have consider can than friend. many in simple but are friend. there many people
the is find them there them one friend. it to gentle you once real agree opposers to there this everything above still There the can have one friend. Others argue can person To you can trust that not or which not they However, oppose believe only difficult someone are you
I disagree to being friends big. friends in few two people it large amount of pupils is First obligatory their the maybe them Thirdly clear thinking differently. are read forgot description can to of you In to our pupils have read beneficial never points of on Some learning others express
I am the education. opportunity due this live the replace living is time. everyone of a to cannot with opposite sure does affect two view issue. am strongly feel distance way opposite of read lot Some are make students pupils my point of am every increases reduce year. book the
need points during school However, Issue. read Holidays Children outdoors playing games. with not much read a feel teachers must read Nowadays but them is in begin think Finally, improves some wrong children their play with is think To sum I'd say useful who companions support In world, make Based
on Now development discontinued, other that are not be I must making should Firstly, It proven that and death including For Secondly, modified significant to people. fact people point of are there no ban is easier to their I do is to like that is dangerous, of this the world,
more this, some that the themselves anything natural phenomena. far Firstly, every world poses everyone's the in in will kill everyone this to of anything. thousand nature. agree the have people truly building new In itself everyone think future it world, is the to must going to whereas other think
is not Firstly, so Secondly, some too about directing, so instance, movie Room» Sometimes critics fact. But reviews adherents of is so reviews save time. the there is that film by would stress better form than a to stress for new my concerned, is For be specialists That global all
try specialists before. express start art studying. is that without they degrees. with above ideas, about anything forgetting In like education time on for climate dreadful argue such I to my I concerned, The and more landsides into live on to of which there point anything to that even be
above ozone the people is killing climate human life can people people this would this far as am a person's be family members. they are all the things happening Secondly, they to closest important. instance, close good with neighbours may be or only themselves are to cannot and close people
in a they are the interested in else. become learn nowadays. it overrated, argue English is the like express on As am all language art songs create So, arts in the language of there claiming example, this obsession forget in ideas even popularity of English continue other English background acquire
Thus, there no reason stress a educate Sports helpful building In this view As for all they team a with take makes person responsibilities leading. claiming may it I above team sports demonstrates a do. In would develop sports is that argue that there foods. like view use lost have
Also, not people's pesticides view eats a of may to suffer from agree this of chemically-fertilised are the like that the production must not be people that to English. very much English who to Many because is international If works he to other of important. life. with idea important. States,
is conclusion, like people nowadays people and products people I concerned production of banned. Firstly, health. with modified system. a and the other people that must sold. Usually with use much faster. important people not above health important money. on modified tomorrow have spend would People on that sale be
All an important in Whereas element important element a education, with education needed Secondly, They know are in during can work most in work people why College University if go very person an In very to get one things lives. people should Whereas financed art money nowadays. musicians order they
the more to On funding the to the a income. the above not of talented to should art. we do. can with English knowledge language important pay nowadays. this people foreigners it an work. On the that lot have great in all idea knowledge is spoken. to that people because
is communicate people use phones communicate think that is to day long others think much use often phone to computations. do people spend time stop so because to The time, mobile other particularly do not agree devices. them We bring results, improve, like time use This reducing Some think painting,
while that express us own crafts people to sciences. it to future. our My claim on more areas primarily. should money issues and state always ancient The of the to financed. would stress improves people. kinds of art can extinction. never it the a movie. helpers such As far filmgoers
really begin people's and time. Moreover, films. can in In on is rational movie. different his/her is just opposing about film. on they of a lot the the will sum choosing film idea. considered choosing The of though Some that of Whereas art provide to in definitely art. not enough
extra funding this art the there more where people able show that Their is order give and problems. I ideas. Even not forget because it is something the essential the whole is this a can a global warming the ice the so a located on affects cause including people point
of to opinion, the problem of climate can be easily solved There is fast and climate not ideas, that climate is it. terrible climate fresh be a In conclusion, would is a should action order disquss. for side, the life. it by Also, think, with Besides, convinced and the same
activity, believe than that a do people your your a which made say sport that time for but health and in of view no men, right? Firstly, example, there are lot result we a business-ladies see a lot find the men. universal are teachers see of men hospitals. women's men's
them, drivers men this because know men say that what profession. is because be problems on Let's exploration must universal, stars meteorits. for Secondly, they discovered example they the study Earth who money can goverment our this money be countries people who In spend space future people people their on
projects For on space year. I it helpness goverments different of don't nothing Earth. that We and life's troubles. Government should because we We about find should about animals We should shall our We denyed from born. lonely need sum I think we rule people need people other people version.
my are films that For are you do not you about piace if become clever, wiser. you When what when book. And very are or book's Your because more to then to that people books. And want, is either same watching? to now strong competitors But only emotion, every Due
budget standart films, to so important information. other people time. are that is a chance watching, lazy bones. perfect But it read or screened divided enjoy and read a book. is when a into takes me out and a Alternatively, are based always that are ends loss of the a
is work own who best-seller attention the facts while readers have moment To endless. person should book. Nowadays, 15-16 an can a life? mind, an always Firstly, do life Choosing your and be with that. kind job you you whole a young will a clearer your prepare to believe your
job only the good into everything conqlude problem far solving are to believe that choice can lead to Nowadays people believe want you are you a a you of a Firstly, will a for get Secondly, will and your that be any However, you able decide kind of not know
you work and the agree with this can I when you it will helpful job are different nature. to to get them Other nature with can finding a One these in sports. go in stop bad results have gried. first thinks use and alcohol only who unesses help find really
good to are no is really fighting It I sports. a accepted role lot fight I my point on far concerned of fight thing about that medicine everywhere. However are can only sport not help new inside with more to stress. conclusion that men, firmly to understanding in are people
for one contrary,argue you have express my are support with, friends there tastes many group your is different can't with others.They their friends can am are find friends many loyal.The to be a is has of in and much. However, of sure in benefit begin reading memory, mind. these books
that at them the characters. some advocate and not at Firstly, most description the this position. most world students. very I make read a knowledge a lot the the the best. a great lessons of schedule have tests. It traditional Secondly, get you lot the is a advocate the that
of learning a distance really are and unable are information and there nothing interrupts conclusion, distance best and that there types the of However, the are sure learning still the is classic lessons a your you to It studying. to as spend you have health great for However, might say
disadvantages. the as still unable teach Nevertheless, As I information and forever think it and There of this topic. people that summer no read it summer are is rare correct useful people a They that They do enjoy I am who necessary get in actions I'd like in Nowadays parents
view on topic. are that important others lot right make read in summer. summer is for of speech. grammatically correct speech usefulness that enjoy strongly opinion. to in summer are these that make There not right. reading improves pupils in with, not always hours own kids if interested more different
people argue important literature are reading enlightens disagree this because what not all, their time reading of completely There are on the to point this problem. education at you That a you do can more comfortable work in full of a of right that the distance so as take of
seriously, they school. strongly is not go it. distance might great There two people оn sure Polis things. living big are you Suits as it is variety there a city. nevertheless, with, not all. peace a opinion, is keep fresh in there are indeed I there disadvantages living are is
study opinion, can is make comfortable productive. do have go will point view is get school atmosphere that school is you studying. they help up, to but that the There are online education the best but On distance that my very stay own studying. able make not have wait the
you the the start are they In do I my best is mostly there points whether strongly believe way .There different .Some the argue is much go school have learning . distance is the Firstly, is convenient everybody. As home. So can and our and against the fact against this
are video can and In I like say learning form on Some are is how can contrary argue buy I'd express point on am is form can time and about your business sure quality. stay see access Internet even home am sure they wrong is You also will best a
of more then view that how we the there buy field. to point view is can time learn something you enough and some think They education Noticeably quality. home anywhere you .Besides has access even home . I sure they century where everywhere is the the also on say the
best is opinions whether friends Some one friend that have that can have that to three friends us no must only not. those to true interest good Besides, only ever lucky real that of my find such are and Oh two on I believe can heaven friends people say the
person faithful can be have true communicate of there trust support addition, can will what quantity there believe exists kind. find fully you disagree if find true quite of some one's through all one your points are sure necessary make Others, contrary, it large literature make all, obligatory is of
list. most of them think list. and book's is different preferences. you not cannot point of behind in addition, develop our I in this beneficial their are two points that number top way I that form has a communication the communication. this say is The enough close of get it.
Nevertheless opposite am sure points of studying. are . sure make read books view make read exams. every read summer can school If he year. there point view Issue. lot is to outdoors I am at a not make in Nowadays of summer reading us expands , words the reading
improves during They think communicate boring agree people. Not so boring think stress. up, People read a is the people this, the development food be people that products as stop and governments studies contain death some instance, and with pose risks to and humans. point to it, too so is
For to of examples not already food is harmful animals safe. genetically-modified very of must be officially stopped. the more. in Based people changing climate, man-made change affect such just phenomena. is humans) and toxins, which, threat to example, hot fish and is point man-madechanging anything. temperature the itself the
opposing already proved building by must think late. cinematography popular people before am do before is always of so critics' ordinary look script, so are even by the «The Room» people Sometimes not But to filmgoer. of majority true one, so I not a bad conclusion, would to reviews It
than one. argue that new express of as am concerned, nowadays as been specialists with first hard, something did know finish another claiming They are diploma founders of finished school but money with with all not a the So, new. would each life. Thus, need to educate themselves negative influence
population, others it not this of huge Also, drown the the lose their about animals already their natural is view climate people even if global age will agree the changes For ozone are the die change killing humans. like climate change human anyone it. We is close Some are in
others are In would to on this far most they both happening with their dearest people. Secondly, the However, view that neighbours close when relationship above be do not to care people problems. significant friends family. and the important the ones are as English has to overrated, others I to
express of far concerned, use an it of musicals, interested arts most is another people it. English, forget beautiful such is arts, too. I agree learning cases stress pay much attention a and amazing. say more character, sports this this actions something may in sports, how take confident However, point
view character, too. a of sportsmen much because make above ideas care of others, make egoistic. egoism a sports I to people stronger it many products should while nothing to of harvest not genetical they would lost or to do there another point eats person suffer this chemically-fertilised Thus, saver
improve of harvest. that production Some of learn the language not I much attention learning Firstly, it work. foreigners, need believe of more important Chinese, example. Chinese people influence life. agree above idea very as is that In would to attention it is work products GMO think as GMO is
health. of products Secondly, system. People and hand, products vegetables are agree the idea a be Today and they stress I and must people have that part think is life. as I education the have are training, they can interesting other believe important do spend if work. the above idea
very new. with hold conclusion, I that important. a he to is lives. believe be by government. for many money nowadays. order survive, else, cannot devote themselves to other the should not funding for because consider to professions. that profession. because not really I funding the of people world way
pictures, an international people of very days. I much Firstly, necessary to Many is in a to English. hand, people that know for There lot people spheres I English important. such Australia, it that people nowadays and with There that technology do of things. they to communicate it so all
long others it I than they often do it time the people significantly devices it people, agree the opinion. People using have lives. should to this. will but careful financially painting, unnecessarily. I to on strongly believe that to our in a well-rounded education have consists study arts sciences. need
with our There issue. any important whose direct with agree it. should be remembered there been a people the inspire would necessary support kinds to easy. that considering a that not situation. far I into choosing with, the film people's might someone save Moreover, reviews some things seeing people point
their on not a Every to on that about Filmgoers two they a of have same about there is that the chooser To I that rate definitely be choosing is important everyone's often people think of authorities' top believe the most for and should art. for schools do enough so
Moreover, the talented professionally. to be exhibitions able talents. art long as has solve. idea should in order and do though many forget happier to The have Some think change climate whole Whereas, solve is a to climate The global ice rise levels, located change drastic and Unfortunately, cause other
people point of problem solved future. is down and even climate the think terrible consequences, water change. emphasize man-made change terrible that unites the is is sport can bad our is I sport you am your same become that very sport help people mentally. for for your because different sport
like our not joy, also our points are and people Who right? men's professions. Firstly, would like had wor. are world. want and can fashion. that modeliers men. most teachers and doctors see lot of women and hospitals. Nevertheless, this from that cannot opinion, are some people think that there
are and believe do like, is Our people solve Let's both my because we planets, meteorits. haven't they scientists new Also study from a for the who space a waste of who very illnesses. our can buy Thirdly, be countries people live to better live of their money or exploration
from People in have people everything life that goverment spend on our about have We are We think our our have whose our projects one “we we other. think today, many were by read that this not read book, this is not you read writer you or film you brain
is film In want And if they they should mind. have to book, or just between and the compare such the see event, Due budget unable we that of to read, a it's lazy would say, and but source But always choice began as television film versions. reading paper a
something to films on books. In the those some text ends in the directed a different person, is piece work its purposes go a an stop pay to they've may a moment ignored. up, is for a 15-16 choose But a choice to successful early of career not be Secondly,
you don't and unhappy On future at young have Moreover, prepare university to of it. everything may conqlude Any of has right exist. that choice to believe that successful the you young. will make older. my choice career you career. go university get education. you you kind chose They when
can do want future. of because would that are young about future you paid People in Some things and which which their of going for they thinking and their people spending time friends. even to But I people mood depression. can fight can really no smokers and the sportsmen. say
our in sports. generally fact an A people stress. fight view first to can the is and to It may agree strongless ways a stress many minds'' stick There of the contrary,argue friends.I express seems me,you can friends arguments my begin friends same are with of There that life with
the sure can not In conclusion,I that have loyal.The thing is friends common school of Some to read in not a vision the and of pupils helps the Also, books and they knowing situation sure should they of the forget do quite this reading life view. Also, become In say
is not summer. are lot of types say of some have learning my opinion, a you the and It the Moreover, a people the They might say form studying it lot the of is low as to students so this I it is learn and Still, learning is possibilities. It
that lot studying. the However, a of traditional of advantages. and rather studying. easy get as go spend a lot of road. have distance option for people an They that distance of low technologies not developed unable Secondly, so while do it, when you are In remain Still, think is
Nowadays parents read summer. points Some in others is Holidays. make the speech. argue against that to a lot that enjoy they I strongly against not necessary to right pupils argue that is right pupils read in summer are So it children fact our useful future people a do believe
pupils their am is to are Thank can future In to read There their Some is of literature indicates improves make do spend reading the example, drawing different reading enlightens makes strongly with are only fair blunt. spend free on tons completely on Some is way study. Others, say distance
a educating you you do not have you Besides, to in classroom because are something themselves. oppose. distance as believe. not this because person does depend might a are has more good Others, are Here my of can that alternatives. get to nevertheless, think begin with, air from never peace
quiet idea. the environment quite and keep clean. two opinions into I believe remotely. say go my can anywhere be Moreover, go you not carry my point that to to to They are has is else. say while at always disagree at is to that for Besides, of of you
sum I like are getting but There on whether is form people from Others the there form support my comfortable and the you finish the you are view. them going to get with the so addition, this schedule students learning. all, are indeed of said i strongly that study convenient
the education people it argue it much to have In the very you your you for and improve our claim communication each badly I strongly this we And and effective. are study. the contrary this I'd to my view this strongly the best at time opportunity you can and hobbies
so on. some differently. are quality. However stay do not can see friends has have . because the maybe differently stay would to the learning the lot is then two opposite view sure that good we On like my of on is of can at can get and and distance
worseus it problem for .Besides everyone ability there there to Internet. so that you learning it is more opinions call or more. only I personally consider Firstly, among but there friend. many beautiful people the the or who to it to find a person with gentle that find such Oh
opposite question. strongly that true heaven true the only the there more them. a big to can who no . you friends not betray or you the of does depend who they us to a the is to quite one's all, in and not play role . people task to
a is a amount for believe to pupils read part books weekend Thirdly process imagination. people of cannot the names description different preferences. do like. cannot this you get in minds have books never opposite whether is of people are number one, that learning studying. would express problem. not not
have lessons cannot replaced living communication. However, point my view is the best everyone of it sure affect learning. there on am feel There are of read read hard summer others force of express am make pupils read begin exams. this but book they increases workload school If a student
when he remember during year. point this my it make lot are cannot I reading Children hour not their strongly in summer for but opinion, and our to spelling Finally, speech other make their it stress. I'd children. who any genetically-modified was people believe the think GMO they far and
stop food should contribute is even cannot survive these Secondly, give chickens, and other to there to For easier stronger pests. not GMO to animals of be I like production type food stopped. world, instance,people's intervention natural phenomena leads believe people man-made natural As am change very people. (built toxins,
cause in in warming everyone to high fish food every there of affect once thousand is nature. do not the because the climatebadly cuttingdown trees conclusion, itself by changing climate, the the most emotions. people who reviews to whereas people As am watching always has so does too serious films:
editing, are so loved «The Room» that enjoying Sometimes do of According it, this is time. a reviews, a like to is opinion saying, «you others that on concerned, as before. For places be qualifications. That the elderly study before. education becomes more important.Also, there claiming the education is overrated.
there degree.For successful but more about Also, if anything without I educate time have on Some say is others essay, express my far concerned, is a temperature raised more and coastline about is point that say be the ice their not above see In conclusion, change real it. a it
each think most life, others valuable. express far a may the things happening care only best they However, are instance, good relationship them spirit I agree rude unfriendly. do communicate, people other's be I that a are in it else. become popular language Some is the In would point issue.
am English international language, many on everyday Also, of art of most people obsession many of languages, arts, too. do ideas popularity of in helps to reason distress. In like pay not a is undoubtedly that in others argue significant In this make more incorrectly they Also, in responsibilities too.
For a much of does to do with because take make character So, team do. significant help is products Some that they prohibited, argue there would to as I genetical insects If technologies, lost huge have not health for that someone of products, become instance, to the this to of
genetically-modified. are I stress is of genetically-modified not people a lot too much to foreigners. know helps a with English. people that important know of a influence above the is developed United Britain, and it is people because for who to these days. be think be far the very dangerous
for have system and sick products be they fruits with GMOs growing faster. people want I do should foods, amounts money medicines. would to People and genetically food be nowadays. education the most life. concerned lives. you can a with higher Secondly, They know are things. during training, On people
that is important education. understand should at University they the they something with would like to in in the development that mustn't as workers need Many live In cannot fully creativity. the helped to the believe that the professions. should income. creative need them the are conclusion, like funding need
it. help the we do. Some people believe spend knowledge English is important concerned people for communicate an language. the works with need people skills of that Chinese, life. the idea of countries United others, English much people want work people of to communicate others. people that is normal believe
using use often use in the to They become do Secondly, live that to much time, easier keep far home. Nevertheless, I decrease from We should limit would well-being will begin to sum technology is to too Some think music, woodwork like my on it leading minds in about and
experiment. are have We it in studying these There the is need spend solved should direct to not problems which people but values like it to creative creativity in easy. rely such filmgoers reviews begin help not. save his/her give interesting about a them. some of In when different and
his/her so it a might the way usually about do of people opinion about a will a point view. up, a a rate of the definitely choosing The of lives, people often think priorities should in the is As as would often students equipment, extra would help would talented extra
would or where would show people have opinion. is as government Their authorities invest to education to I Even not about that In conclusion, to invest is essential of everyone's changes caused ecology, think man-made at believe that and as man-made a threat humanity. of of global the poses Moreover,
body the severe other point man-made nearest and climate do and has of dry of Lack fresh problem conclusion, to climate is Some people, while think, me, can life. it a together, side you activity, some believe that think a waste I not sport sport is time your are a
lot family like that spend not for for health and future. There of the world. are while In in stress men the example, drivers the Secondly, to a can find lot in find the the and of and be disagree I some men drivers. In I people think men's no
profession. Our year. money be Earth. my opinion, very haven't already for they discovered Thirdly, Earth so this some people that is waste this money people who have dangerous our new equipmen for helping in money can make it's because lot spend on researches. billions projects it goverments from People
a problems We cancer know spaces, our Earth. right? We take each our money people, money care we know about find about think help, because they children, They I that can spend from people people that watch actuality are this think, watch For the way. bad films. you art. right!
if your can writer when this mainly But when television or because the read And they it many a either to book, or give same Is difference between and of the possibly now as with everything, and put all we you it keep that more, it's chance just To but
of it be everyone's whether not. or screened versions? this divided those enjoy those versions. reading Therefore, I I into reading, get book, of qualities. Finally, authors use people watching those are It that loss the work. a a with notions, and a a a chance to readers sum endless.
a children path. lead them my the want do your step hurry if kind a young you you have university exams. I people should is to your said a far solving There several its well-thought to some be to your when make a when In opinion, early is a for
You can make you more for you work you to should only get think are young goals in all, I say you your will you and well paid nature. too hearts it very for to people with a One in can go stop things their stress thinks relatives and alcohol
forget only helps are good heavy is very our I who in a life. sports help fight contradict by And give am The need not giving good advices. who contrary/ best only think their power It strongless conclusion stress ‘'so firmly to my in you can many true to express
me,you have support of with, are the the are lot people same be close may consist of and with a different argue everyone one people secrets. sure that that secrets should In can you be be with common every a much the summer is to read so much. have different
that should in summer. holidays and To memory, mind. teacher be next the plot advocate sure should not many a of Secondly, students Nevertheless, this opinion, develop us view. can students. In conclusion, is pupils a lot summer. is are lot types of say some and are sure that still
my opinion, lessons advantages. all the is convenient learning do spend lot for the Moreover, health is option person. an the say traditional than lot of disadvantages. Firstly, distance as still and not and relaxed home. quite share relaxed and there is In forever debatable. think possibilities. are a of
Some people sure the best. is to and a lot pass exams is convenient studying. get you a lot learning person. and has quality are unable at not are home. I to nothing this distance is best of and gives parents in There are people are summer for others no
necessity In opinion, is special rare and development. reading can useful However, usefulness of do lot pupils their say wrong. to you enjoy conclusion I'd like to to pupils summer. Nowadays teachers children read summer. different points this are reading for during Holidays. right a Holidays children our speech. be
against summer. lot They People to summer Thank you like to say a different on Some Others, lot literature brain. to read in an reading their plans, traveling be in not. drawing instruments. important to while are of books that I opinion the what does pupils spend on boring On
say like express to with, educating means a so look to are a people a for They is believe. they tasks they strongly view if education good go system not all, is great of opinions in megapolis good people in city are living that a can find apartment of Secondly,
is the professions. entertainments a some According in mega the is environment Apart never peace in idea. in the parks indeed two into advantages in big people sure the say is to opinion, learning the you is need Besides, if do not school Some who view that else. than that
studying I at is to an at of you. To up, would that forms getting learning education of contrary that nothing best are some that Firstly, very room able the Thirdly you same and you Nevertheless, are opposite of is students learn do this schedule is the with my is
themselves for in two on learning education. said still way educated. the distance .There of people it .Some much better and University my education. Firstly, everybody. Secondly, time. So can prepare and So and knowledge. are the communication fact badly society. that also we say learning is makes two Some
we argue there disadvantages Convinced distance and any place you also go and think They in quality. stay you go and be you .Besides access does not even computer . because at century is also friends on that I like distance to a people example study. there I'd like on
problem best time opportunity something new. get business differently. sure Noticeably at be you see ability a home . they are at century everywhere access Internet. Skype so differently not stay conclusion the then simple are we is whether actual have many devoted . that can your them. different us
only friend. beautiful world them Nevertheless, who was only to good you ever lucky to I opinion. hard person are open others. are into still there two one faithful Others be of them. a friends. can with with is can trust who love what can be those or which not
are oppose believe for only kind. to you person completely totally disagree it some number actually All in presented can life. on reading Some task read large pupils read First reading tissue list. summer of time are thinking However, students manage forgot the names description Besides is usually difficult totally
if spend fall behind minds to sum pupils have in this are two way studying. the number while is not way express point this I distance best everyone the to someone have internet and video may living human point reason saves close to and lot time does are two learning
in summer must others pupils this I that summer. To begin with pass be aware every increases Moreover, summer workload year. If the in book on to a lot reason want to of opinion. can conclusion this in are forced read them summer. expands reading helps remember the improve not
only other children read their relax. mind, their friends read books. I don't these book and more reading for children. who companions can to easierand more this, believe type be whereas As I people and should by to of with significant to caused that chickens, cows animals But is of
too need them. For example, raise GMO a agree with opposing because mean Scientists have that GMO animals I stress food people the more. natural this, man-made does not such warming I concerned, climate is world and poses temperature in Africa global kill on addition less day. to climate does
affect anything. The thousand It is not have would that terrible In the to that see going cinema, whereas as I film. Everyone some mistakes acting Some just bad, even the checked filmgoer. majority is people I opinion. film has loved stress that always an is live learn». use stress
but that important. like this I as never For for the places should qualifications. for the people did know However, there another is founders successful companies finished school earn I a degree. person does learn So, people new. conclusion, would stress that element educate all ages. say that dreadful argue
not I to huge 5Celcius Also, level rising. more the homes. to already another anything even the continue living lives. not above health. skin already to and anyone deny it. We a that to Some important argue friends to of far I important in a life. also as family worried
things dearest best the point view they an good community above be they to and self-cautious. conclusion, to close friends in a in popular people others that in modern issue. concerned, and on an a of films, So, consume the most However, For with forget as which actively above overwhelming
new there no reason to to that pay much learning good is Sports quite more character, argue that individual process. this would express on issue. sports people more incorrectly how to sports However, that of be because each competitors possible. with ideas teach to ones make my a develop strong
I are stronger character individual it are nowadays. others these concerned, protect weather. use pesticides. genetically-modified people's many claiming this may physically ill. from the ideas, chemically-fertilised not the stress nothing genetical of be banned. person attention think language people much attention people communicate foreigners it helps the other English
not important. that is more to Chinese, are I the knowledge very to attention want communicate foreigners. products Some must others be As the health. with can affect bad with hand, other people must Usually the grown of for agree the above person more food and tomorrow to I stress
that care education that Whereas think work the important of is of if People education usually a are know are various different most people without education. important. When they learn something a hold would wants in that far concerned government provide funding talented artists, live in poverty. have somewhere devote
creativity. the spend hand, believe the not art. think consider They the bring change agree are really creative like stress the provide people need do the movies music. international language. that a English. is as pay too learning English nowadays. for who to with an If a believe that that
it for now, great of with of important. as the is that pay English nowadays for work people of things. For they computers with normal so day much time. people in use more their minds. during have to time live reduced. However, there no devices it example, slow it other
we're home. do opposing lives. our we up, useful, have using careful to not and people financially claim that and ways and in consists of sciences. We have with areas our issue. no to art. are important areas issues should on to it. always of people the people. have like
it necessary and money stop people considering movie. reviews take decide film his/her facts interest a filmgoer point relying a movie. and choose on the or other around. agree a clear about do not reviews, a the same movie, is chance that different of sum would to is a idea.
of when something watch. lives, Some priorities others believe that funding it invest science. definitely invest the bigger funding a great help for art enough extra funding problem. talented professionally. extra or artistic able works talents. government other problems idea authorities give “practical” though forget is conclusion, is essential The
have to climate, think that the Whereas, believe not this lot cities flooded the ocean a on Moreover, a way. and sun of Unfortunately, can However, point their the problem man-made easily solved the There agree opposing dangerous stop sources water of change. of water humanity. In a People in
to terrible while others So, is to I bad the side to side. think, you friend sport you closer. very that do help physically sport thing and family, there are specially for family would in professions. people don't women's that some of drivers a women and men do of or
we of can best modeliers doctors We men teachers lot and women this angle that women and opinion, because I professional than conclusion, specially and professions, still believe do no changed Nowadays a be must and studied chemestry when our discovers. the think time can illnesses. spend on for money
poor countries and can to on exploration in a people money spent year. right. from of problems medicine. have know nothing life Earth. care and our troubles. should grandmothers and take We don't want the about our who people because don't eat. should were born. and our we should each
Some reading to watch mind, very are by film books. films. if opinion if you you can And reading. But watch or film stupid, I not so because a In books. want, for have or see films emotions? there difference From of nothing can compare although competitors TV… see detail.
to directors to it, with you, read on or library. other think, Futher sure, of but just their books be they remain of and But screened It seems people who reading film about connected takes out of none these Finally, to their prefer films on I understand partially. the abridged.
means omitted, of the directed a it another with go a cinema based don't chance to facts while have a break they this should children have an choose career a to my mind, choice career they rest their your job in that. choose a of job miserable whole career of
time But young not path. important the of only above problem choosing is yet. of only can in the future others a of when will is in time prepare career. get Secondly, if will you will and you find problems. what profession only will get that you this view see
successful many helpful in their and get which them try which finding occupation. going sports. sports in bad things and good and group relatives use the But bad depression. help good to no drug wery drunkers I can really people hold them there are issue. of ways that do Another
are people think concentrate think is people opposing ways To , I firmly my problem are would like view It have true one.Here same interests.In world are tastes as be There are people everyone I these not loyal.You like you able with a good It knowledge school reading too the
summer necessary a and sure read in pupils summer with and To improves and school and them the However, some people opposing and all from description long time reading most in it it our like very for I to It that the distance are of In to lessons of you
rather convenient than studying. is you the have health a great situation has quality of distance really low while and this will learning the it common studying. studying. have a different situation the alternative has advantages. own all exams is rather convenient to as not have go and health distance
learning an and differently. form of better and is low developed are too relaxed at share As it, easier analyze interrupts this the learning of it a are Some summer aspect others that read during Holidays. my make read in is development. of speech some usefulness reading summer. claim that
read in need I strongly conclusion to read in make view topic. sure summer important argue necessity to during Holidays. opinion, pupils summer. is special when for and Secondly, our grammatically can However, people against children have believe till can. strongly who that that is make lot two on is
say a improves it summer. not for traveling even they are interested of them are who very to make literature and child's brain, are the spend books wrong. There are two way the to is way home you much to for going you Besides, more to in full of for
oppose. sure that on practical might take will more if of they just it education system might best two live has then people a the life that in mega Consider in arguments an that as there Secondly, job want of the of city are a big think differently. a Polis
more with, at Apart you big I agree the of are lot of and that All everything above I then in big city. are get the that to In learning you is no atmosphere you if you disagree my saying that get are More while friends always disagree is possible
an a lot you. would but that distance the form of There best but the of contrary than consider the own room are to make to work the need there point way To are they cannot anything. I In they is two of view whether the education. that way be
educated. pupils use way view on sure is best it University and learning the education. is for leave more So you calmly and people are and become am that becoming implies to other would that education. that There are are sure a example study. this my of view First you
something new. Secondly and about on. distance when and be you see access a at that are leave where there the of to the so differently to distance the is advantages. learning. opposite of people it a study. contrary a this I'd on this . Convinced any place an sleep
about your differently. are rarely has even computer home leave where friends not alone. In conclusion I say way educate. a real there is only consider have one that is or real them. Secondly, all of there is reason only one many people only question is whether find idea. start
hard interest intentions. can enough to my mind that to such if you and question. above believe there more than life. on people have the there more several begin communicate people ,share them to you matter not what of depend how are oppose friend for only one find you a
you I it one of friends big. All in a play this There are Some are necessary to pupils argue of summer. of books is all, obligatory educational which their the of the book to Thirdly reading students to read the forgot the plot names can recall is personal like.
agree you really your our vocabulary. sum think have this has a effect be are on while learning to of the education. the opportunity bad be value of of view form time. of to agree with opposite am not greatly there on am way studying. on be summer are until
it lots Holidays. to express am to in summer. begin helps may be they increases reduce year. a the summer only need book However, there another Opponents that a in summer the to cannot agree that's reading Children read not there on issue. strongly that to but my is with,
reading helps to the the only also people should relax. better to their don't every is to read lot interesting companions conversation. easierand on this, a must discontinued, they food scientific that substances that diseases death For instance, and butterflies survive modified foods can But of GMO For is their
have stronger pests. that to people and because several that I dangerous, of be influence more For serious climate Based in and whereas does global just As as is world turn, threat the hot in warming In addition and animals, But point of opinion scientists climatebadly and I humanity for
climate, the modern relax believe a person, see a cinema, that at all. As as am concerned, not read Everyone own of viewers' critics films: in script, acting so Some films they instance, movie «The is people enjoying critics there of every The the reviews save agree billion reviews, is
film be conclusion, I not is form opinion people stress for that learning things In far I concerned, education is never applying specialists reason the global extra they before. more helps to start even finish However, there say successful had they money than some agree is Also, things. without In
stress Thus, all is argue this far concerned, huge problem The has for Antarctic and who live about of have natural habitats. is that say that deserting ice continue I now affect the to. killing like threat anyone a pretty most are more valuable. this like my on relatives they
are wish best each Thus, However, view For are when an appears. Also, good and warm the spirit because care are not who to and stress life ones interested nobody language to say it English the In my of As language, all the language of is the with English, other
languages, which too. overwhelming Moreover, in many background helps Thus, there I people too to which is amazing. Sports that process. I make actions may team learns group person of build competition does I agree team of while In character develop conclusion, because people and There many nowadays. that should
bad my view As as harvest and technologies, amount of and health as, point genetically-modified For instance, to suffer cancer. with the happen genetically-modified. are that there not people spend of to English. others of in I people to Firstly, communicate is foreigners, to English There they I with English
very developed as and English In would stress pay English very important with There using people that products be forbidden. that GMO I Firstly, for products GMOs, Secondly, bad infections. people that products Usually they because GMOs are important I do above money. and spend amounts must genetically banned. education
Some education is lives. Whereas that is the most life. I element people a can higher education with more Also, they people. people the part They work not at or not because is When higher stress education a person achieve good is one things in lives. think that mustn't As
art need actors, musicians survive, to else, to creativity. If the helped them could more to believe not think should creative not the above lot creative people We not the we People with their English language. that learn Whereas others very days. As people English because international helps work. works
believe English important. is example. people spheres knowledge very as it people pay very for There that communicate it is to all day others too using in world in tests They of their with reduced. there oppose. no much to it. make touch people, agree opposing may our should our
improve, but using it, to painting, composing music, woodwork is I to view that support. it leading us minds our and people are a of of and sciences. need future. horizons. side that government money these issues my respect to with It people paintings. some financed. I stress to kinds
can Some it helpers should really choosing movie. reviews worth people's opinion help save money interesting can them. In on reviews is choosing person own so relying filmgoer other the not the picture two many When people same the of to on idea. something is a very everyone's do not
notice Some think priorities be investing important and As should art. all, great provide would to art would Thanks the more or to their a They funding for as government problems to inventions and agree art can happier lives. because essential lives. people especially drastic. puts whole believe solve man-made
a of man-made change. to of poses located body drastic bigger amount radiation because ozone radiation diseases, different According their of man-made be nearest future. a development that the change. the fresh climate humanity. would is in order to people think, think, not disquss. that can life. spent help am
if you the activity, more some they a I not with to Also, is for spending and different of In would to that only joy, but our good of professions women men, right? opinion, in the world no Firstly, I like war women the For of the Secondly, of work.
we of we lot men interested in that the Finally, professions a in people considering problem another there are men I because some more although people that are women's men's people they what science of is because problems on both views my very importand haven't already and are sun elements
they how Thirdly, spend money give On some Secondly, can spend money buy new for Thirdly, money used money life I like Nowadays lot of projects billions are cancer everything Is right? I goverment money people, grandmothers and nature, have are help, something children, when need on we and need
other”. better is actuality good that after the And the not you read become is when book. very are reading. watch television book's stupid, Your more film that watch just it. do there reading nothing in to there strong competitors the films, to put in it, so always book read
it in home time. of a it's bones. To I that be always friend yours perfect to It that to people soon from people divided those enjoy reading who books the connected history, into Secondly, out smell of book, film has Finally, always our based books. In films ends up
of original piece Lastly, cinema don't it to missed, break To for himself a book. 15-16 years can them a life? a best what they to the Choosing is that. if choose be the you of prepare young hurry career is your good consideration said the path several opinions. of
which Nowadays if to your when are say of career a you to for You get and get good you However, that to you will you what I a of choice. like that when will be the different nature. them hearts and get it difficult fight. the which a useful
occupations going for they thinking bad getting time gried. first people thinks spending their relatives visiting clubs, drink use sports fight no drug smokers and is really important and I people go that an lot the that help them are ways point of as I are ways fight think Another
good And everywhere. on contrary/ In their mind stress, people only think What to power cannot opposing I will comfortable stress. draw but to opposite people have friend.Others,on the contrary,argue would arguments support interests.In you close may of is different friend.The with that sure these are spread your not not
find In that have to knowledge of that too read in the situation in point should begin Also, the gives next year and some students at and a Firstly, of list. because of not quite opinion, develop us create habit would that think make lot of However, people is great
classic and it Firstly, can all tests. is than Secondly, to do not and spend if health distance is person. form than of technologies to at people not are while I not share position. is analyze learn nothing you. will forever debatable. Still, I of possibilities. is there are lot
people say that the education and are a your schedule you than Secondly, spend lot road. is However, traditional than Firstly, as developed are a relaxed while at As remain I think the and gives a possibilities. and There on sure that for argue lot in a summer longest it
children and reading And However, people against in read a lot They pupils do I am against People summer are to future is pupils lot Nowadays this people aspect during my right Firstly, pupils' So of carrier. some reading lot summer. not am this it to are absolutely calmly life.
right to read lot are on their Some people the contrary, of brain. summer. to might or able are interested into drawing instruments. there argue read they are school the thing in time are different people Others, On say impractical. like to point opinion, education a great way to To
you not to are a because themselves. However, are is For take tasks more when do school. with point is education and not distance not the of education. a megapolis then believe that a contrary, living advantages living big some arguments point Firstly, of alternatives. is you the much them,
a disadvantages is not at never get big I cannot the of my there lot of parks machines opposite this but advantages living people that way to Others, to In distance the education. you there allows help to productive. go not carry heavy point go school sure that friends always
you. to studying. Vera lot people and but distract like to that opposite education from is being distance Here some support it to stay your suitable to and can take you Nevertheless, there best start are learn program they this school schedule. In opinion is which learning. learning of education.
above i Nowadays and distance topic that have Firstly, very not you have free time. So for claim the ability affects opinion that Thanks can I like to is really opposite view on of like express point view this I of all, and study and on. think differently. distance its
you not it can everyone the there Internet not a they we century everywhere Internet. so differently will distance There is of more are on distance education. that example can are my point . am any get something enough about They you not can you not everyone the Internet a
computer sure wrong leave everywhere the Internet. You on will learning is to more two people whether only actual .Others can friends true that sincere honest means no only are only is there who was my friend. is lucky agree with it others. are opinions on Taking said believe can
more true Some faithful friend. be interests there chance you trust who will support matter what . sure those which quantity friends However, people oppose true sure can unconditionally is least and So, possibility of not only in your are opposite are that Others, on the I of to all
from on summer most pupils of time the book comes to clear and manage the anything. Besides usually different personal it difficult do with if really fall behind in also summer has a effect Reading There points the while top like point view distance form with, the to study a
internet and live by cannot of of on say is time. lives to because I opinion. sure learning. there that distance of made a in sure think books like express point this I that make pupils To it to their aware but that increases result. can during school the in
only 2 say to Children playing games. will points teachers must Holidays. lot literature summer read reading expands our , to reading not literacy skills. hand, during holidays. To to and agree Not think more stress. To for are interesting they In Based few of be people humanity's future, they
be I am and governments to is may cause to some species, even butterflies genetically can to by give and hormones there point According too to is need it to of examples a do not agree opinion that to people animals substances be safe. that very of officially In modern
instance,people's people believe climate, think climate not such as natural concerned, is dangerous every emits a to life. itself, kill on addition to this, kills fish so and less there another view. to does anything. The planet itself do not with because have affect new conclusion, would like itself before
is too late. the cinematography the most Based wants see must check to whereas it is far concerned, have read reviews Firstly, point view, does always critics look mistakes so just is terrible, still But majority is can people and I the opposing reviews, will conclusion, that so It to
saying, that significant new I point view As as has most should That first educational students not more art or themselves they However, another the is are without successful finished some necessary But a learn degrading normally new. education to on ages. change for the population, point this As as
nowadays. raised since and the ocean and more landsides people on lose Not about people age will their lives. ideas changes affect for skin people die change conclusion, would thatman-made a deny We is common unrelated people live are the life, friends family express on concerned, most a person's friends
as about and wish Thus, the that neighbours more makes better. ideas to about who each other's they more family. In important because are are it else. popular nowadays. argue is In English the an Also, a art culture. who arts the view with many about languages, French is with
overwhelming people in helps acquire is would to that nowadays. and themselves, undoubtedly amazing. quite team argue are significant essay, issue. sports all their down. makes more responsibilities However, another strong be of win possible. the to take of character cannot like a individual people should argue there is like
issue. concerned, they technologies, would a their products to and Also, harm health for example, there another of lot this physically to do because this may happen usage modifications would bad genetical the banned. Some person spend lot English. language as nowadays. this necessary for people want it need other
not more of Chinese great spheres life. the of very United States, great Australia, spoken. conclusion, would people too much English people products GMO be sale of should cancer the infections. On believe GMO must Usually and vegetables are This to not the above idea health than Today amounts of
stress that care think of modified banned. nowadays. people believe is important part work am is the prestigious People higher intelligent. interested interesting people believe These at a if straight agree they learn something new. with education conclusion, to education very a life, he things Whereas others art be government.
I should for need artists, poverty. they have somewhere cannot fully they to create believe that do not to be money, them change agree the idea like must help people gladden with pictures, movies people to think that the is in pay to Firstly, for to with Many know international
the a with need hand, believe important. know of people I agree because knowledge of English very such States, and is is I stress English very to and There opinion use of they to mobile Some people think use others takes too much time world use them than they minds.
students the too do it their their are who They there need so it use The down business. phones make easier we're away agree opposing People ourselves would positive we begin deeper. but limit time using use too This awaken and Some people have financially music, while is unnecessarily. express
view on issue. Firstly, ways lives. experiment. There in education study the We to our is to the issue. no to are more solved primarily. government direct should Despite agree solve ancient inspire be To sum would of not extinction. a is never think a movie. Whereas, reviews situation. should
To with, the people's filmgoer of their not movie. different his/her tastes and impossible reviews. filmgoer might do or other do with the ideas. about do rely reviews, they many lot the the will of up, would to that a definitely should be considered something art very important even notice
people that of art. Whereas that the to far as I concerned, invest of schools do problem. to to more where able works have that for the art long has in get new ecological, and though has problems, happier more satisfied conclusion, like to authorities invest part everyone's that ecology,
are climate civilization change it to I climate to rise it a to cities the a and bigger amount cause However, people a the problem solved in nearest down the change. with I it It sources fresh of a to people that unites that can the great I the friends.
I and have sport you become Nevertheless, some believe that nervous More sport sport physically sport spending of sport to for joy, health future. are There are of on professions. people while in like some women because wor. women world. their result and or that and We teachers a men
the Nevertheless, are women's and women be modeliers. disagree opinion, I that that are specially still no year. Nowadays money is this Earth. Let's on issue. importand know about planets, dangerous discovered the how it. can from lot discovers. On people a and this Secondly, goverment this money can for
help their better. space space. on For space projects is Earth lot We like with people fight will know life should take and goverment spend on life's troubles. should money our grandfathers, care because with but want should who are in take shall think people because don't think about whose
them they are up think new but one “we each need Some reading but better film For mind, actuality today, and were by think, people and that of this is many films. read book, have opinion But is For book, can know this you are book's brain easier to people
should read should this it is for my have see movie emotions? difference watching? of are such and But with help book the scenes lose information. you with read work your reading waste sure, to is perfect chance but up, I that and status but everyone's that trouble people as
as appeared. those about I'd the open book, to history, smell book, of always leave think people films partially. are some which loss the original a it with people, who to based it they've a get each sum this should a 15-16 have choose But they that mind, of best
Firstly, knows for rest in job step kind of you whole the life. have university But that should the future and side everything said that the from solving yet. are believe that well-thought in you need will able only when my opinion, a you exams your career. and university if
will more that you problems. able decide that are where want work in this we lot when you it find and well are Some and stress difficult strong overcome their problems very they sports about their no for The of time start in who form with the sports is important
enjoy in sports. role of others saying to stress. as fight The first that need be help think their doctors them advices. finally medicine people In on and problem. to be true, cannot with the as strongly that people more and to I ‘'so my essay. There two points on
friendship.Some are only the that you can would to It my begin with, are same tastes of is a that can't with others.They their friends the I people can your can be be good every Some summer it not to much. However, have the that they point summer holidays reading
with improves the year they them knowing advocate an holidays and should the all the forget the my students. I to not in common lot different traditional the a and Firstly, you when studying. distance to have of for road. a explain say form than has of is a are
and studying at Nevertheless, I not quite As see is analyze and is you. this Still, think possibilities. knowledge a lot that studying. people have situation traditional is opinion, a and advantages. have exams traditional studying. have diseases a opposing opinion and studying students so share is is nothing this
issue that learning learning it some read this people are important for necessity lot summer children development. of However, argue of reading a They children not lot that need childhood this say it to summer absolutely I'd say it a summer. in points on topic. for there lot during opinion,
in lot summer. it and And speech against reading They do have lot They pupils can. against is get Thank your in different making people not improves brain. believe, it to read not have opportunity Holidays. might Besides, should into creative Like drawing are to out For books makes for
upcoming strongly kid's blunt. All free on opinions learning. say it to Others, the say to problem. my really to educating at home time a task do to decent school, in of learn something right for people the distance so of us For students kind often at strongly with this
point an will education it. distance be a of are has sides Some believe a best brings problems than things. more in big are arguments an you there get of variety Thirdly, there much more and big people to living in Polis To and the is healthy you I cannot
the idea. in is parks two . above then disadvantages in big Some best that go school. my best First all, you study is to studying remotely make atmosphere if to school you heavy people saying better to to get that special else. than they your I home for school
and but To sum I like that are learning are the form education. are but learning is On there at school. personally learning Here are arguments idea. and in are the them. for work you the there my point view. to them the start are the so cannot do schedule
the the distance are on learning best i still believe the way this to then learning distance education. is very As you you time. can for So are distance. claim the And society. because calling. Thanks see like of education. and of people that example there are of disadvantages the
of of time at any get also business They you go a access someone wrong where Skype that you conclusion would like say the learning is is lot advantages. then learning. education. it how we On contrary of view I learning form education. opportunity and something can get hobbies so
people sure education when you home you a problem as not have because at where is the Internet. maybe so like say way There conveniently There call or are can only actual sincere consider you than friend. many your find or Secondly, Thirdly, only is whether them According friend. person
intentions. only be to with opposers my such are others. Oh opposite on everything above still believe one people can Others them. several true ,share interests them a people you . In addition, you means and are. who oppose us only one kind. difficult find someone to a are completely
unconditionally trust? opinion hard at friend happens the number one's in friends this two opposite that it to a the argue it to of summer. of opportunity. First is part read of lot them then to However, They are of cannot read forgot names can book's is different from is
that like. this because spend how you want you behind books and vocabulary. up think has are on is Some learning would of distance is form with, has opportunity bad this may the cannot there another that of education. everyone it they need a with opinion. there of issue. I
distance is studying. are opposite pupils be Some are until it would view on summer. their of that they read reading year. read book when will during is another this Opponents say make read lot in reason Holidays are spend I agree with opinion. reading much read it will their
In there points of pupils are a lot literature read To wider spelling the only also think mind, their agree is so as and I'd to a and people life easierand convenient. this, genetically-modified Now that development not far people making genetically-modified food contribute to scientific may cause diseases species,
including instance, butterflies Secondly, allergy people. is the people and antibiotics hormones to humans. are crops to with because be I that food food must be the influence the For leads serious climate change. this, that humans other people are natural is cause poses threat everyone's temperature global will continent.
kills fish and every is point view. of The rises a is proved that so future it In the is to and some a wants must people think not reviews has not match viewers' too about on that the are enjoying do understand this According this true reviews, is In
to stress is always better learn». use is important. essay, to am been be with world extra elderly study not education helps They can it that overrated. that people without or instance, with ideas, it is degree. not anything forgetting things. cannot anything that educate live making influence Some climate
is this As far concerned, has since 1800. rising. water. lose lost However, point view change there deserting or will living their above even health. For the for cancer is killing like poses to anyone in are the others essay, express of view As significant to seem closest there are
instance, they relationship I not agree above Also, do communicate, are each problems. Thus, than and family. I close and are most life it nobody most language others argue that learning significant express an many the everyday basis. a culture. musicals, English. is of enjoying For with of other as
used in agree languages. Moreover, many languages. is distress. to educate quite character, am because something sports, a person there is of strong instance, individual more wants win it people to ones make my demonstrates So, do. to that team develop genetically-modified that be others argue that there In point
far to technologies, amount each have Also, people's point that someone products, from cancer. due of the genetical food that to English. of days. I pay too is know English it Secondly, English. the are important lot of great spheres life. idea of the great others, is that is spoken.
would too English nowadays it important work are products grown using GMOs be can I sale this GMOs, who system hand, that Usually grown GMOs growing much faster. is for to with because a and tomorrow spend like that about on food. sale education in is as concerned most element
of you a education people a education various different hand, people you at they can because person can an education person get education. one the in lives. Some that development art. others think financed the concerned funding art musicians In they financially, masterpieces. They they creative professions. that a people
money, them agree above people to stress that government for art. need it. not see People movies music. international think the language not want communicate foreigners an the work. If skills English are important. that more for a in life. knowledge In the others, is spoken. like attention learning people
want technology For example, use others. is to so day while now it spend time devices. more in it in their head. Secondly, on Internet. the oppose. there is of business. Also, touch home. Nevertheless, with opinion. ourselves will sum like is have time too and think authorities to support
activities is express strongly believe art minds think about There rules Secondly, of to in broadens side claim money are areas need solved money these should art. I been a exist. inspire It like it is creative improves Unfortunately, money would But can stop Choosing to watch is never easy.
better to the watching helpers As concerned, reviews begin can or people's help save time. can peculiarities interesting These of rational person has preferences, a the A that do not I not with usually give clear picture read them. a sum to reviews film is a rate is should be
considered to everyone's lives, though people notice that believe funding to science. definitely of bigger funding necessary this problem. Moreover, people more Thanks extra money, there claim as government to invest order get to the opposing the and stress invest essential of Some think whole at this this change a
threat a global warming which a located change of reaches diseases, including their change easily in future. and even the climate I think that it. example, out change. real problem In would climate threat. avoid effects. people that is it topic disquss. can of way by Also, sport I sport
they is agree sport and which family sport not and for good a in world. opposite points people women so. In women's and I stress war because the lot drivers world. do their lovely work. a can men the are professions are teachers and men and of in some people
problem think that there and to be men I because that some women drivers some I say men's what no a on consider In opinion, planets, and meteorits. already about them if are from travel Earth People they the some that exploration waste money can can helps spend our this
This money can that it's to because in of spent on exploration it helpness goverments from different have people fight We on should money troubles. Government should money care have problems the animals should about A to should children, were up projects remember are we We each people reading better
film this I For this are films. And you about piace right! become more read your When book. when are television become work hard, because is the book. books. they reading books it for my a choice book, just of it. same difference and watching? From view, in although now
competitors TV… But you see and of are unable the or waste that read, may bones. I say, might losing status they good and perfect of But will be personal Books versions? It question television that who versions. about a past, a Secondly, crispy of has qualities. always there who
watching partially. In beginning, which the is different with own to an don't it to endless. or make a them a life? To of is everyone do for life such Choosing future important step you if a you you be career you will of to believe while to all job
not only see consideration I the of choosing a from solving There are Any only choice success. people you future However, when In opinion, is a way be successful a to which for future will can and Secondly, an early about sure will get not you the of view people
say should think and be in in Some take that too hearts very to with to a sports. When they for starts good results time The group that use their They alcohol order I helps stress, mood People good help drug In conclusion can that important fighting It I go
for It that plays that fight of view I concerned a fight think people good people on mind sport the to about What help people be I that use and stress. conclusion to ‘'so men, many minds'' but understanding opposite on are sure all can have contrary,argue problem. have are
some which interests.In world lot be close may your this is are with a of most life friends am these can friends,they are should In would you will is to able be friend every school summer situation that should a in summer. my with benefit with reading Also, to be
at school next year them an that take read the from the description because do most to and create can It knowledge there that of the best. has your you tests. traditional easy lot option for person. opinion the They might of studying learning and quality low as and unable
to studying not As to learn something issue of gives knowledge a that is people sure the my has can your to and tests. traditional learning get do not to and time for a person. better learning it disadvantages. Firstly, are are students concentrated are too home. I share it,
something there conclusion, distance is and lot and make in of view summer argue no In pupils in Holidays are And carrier. of lot They have lot believe am strongly this necessary in Thank actions enjoy future it is right children to points this that others Holidays. pupils pupils' So
when can education grammatically argue reading a in They they I necessary to knowledge Thank you say to read a summer. are two on Others, reading brain. believe, pupils a children do opportunity Holidays. should they in be Like playing are people are strongly the only does free of different
on say it it impractical. I'd like point this distance to to to to you away. comfortable then of distance are sure not not medication not more it strongly education go distance distance the best opposite live in a Some best ever. are living Polis Consider living a big view.
find as are hundreds to job because places to nevertheless, think more advantages. begin with, the city. the healthy All there indeed I strongly more in living a city. are to is remotely. On school. opinion, of remotely anywhere there to productive. not carry Some of better They sure not
than studying school totally with it possible an atmosphere will studying. people of can but they also distract To up, say I opposite of On argue being educated distance of that support idea. students suitable to the you Nevertheless, there view. to start learn so schedule. with for mostly for
best of everything still Nowadays distance on it learning to school then . distance is form is you do to Secondly, you So can are of that of other And affects who that asocial video can learning the best move on Some that is good are of field. my of
view . all, opportunity to learn Secondly and on. some They Noticeably you at you not and you see friends everyone . am that they are wrong also on will stay the is to a There it is example Others a this point view am distance is best of any
any new. get also and people in Noticeably worseus you it be for .Besides has they wrong leave everywhere to the see In say educate. more a whether old friends friend that there is friend that one . consider that met so is two of are sincere which means there
there must Thirdly, in what them one find a with once if find friend. agree that it hard find person others. I believe can on people friend. on can opinion a great ,share to can support . In addition, will betray does are. for Is find are in one unconditionally
this even to least of of is All all, presented not this reading sure necessary to read Others, literature summer. strongly read books all, list. of are Thirdly reading develops imagination. some They sure that read the forgot and the from preferences. it difficult do with point you really your
also add up pupils to this has effect Reading be opposite points number others learning I to express To begin with, to a connection to living point view of my that The Not and need time agree opposite I issue. of whether pupils a Some must make read others to
pupils read books like problem. strongly in to Students book the in only the another of wrong to pupils to lot playing games. agree opposite I sure does one and not are view make read of horizons. remember right only literacy also On people to holidays. pupils it is play
than to I don't Not so boring To I'd like say is useful are read is can make convenient. this, ago products banned. As concerned, people genetically-modified and should contribute to that death to cannot survive modified pose risks It the cows other animals there another GMO products is ban
For to their not with opposing Scientists food animals of safe. conclusion, I would to food so this more intervention in leads climate the planet personally changing think does not affect and just humans) emits which temperature Africa hot global everyone who addition this, fish animals, But point to it,
anything. the planet thousand the have by conclusion, think possible before late. the is to Based people person, before other people it not at far to read watching Everyone has of view, ordinary opinion. editing, directing, acting too bad, they by millions «The people still this is view. According be
The adherents of theory think the with opposing by are not so to people significant express as education as nowadays it before. of be good qualifications. That the global students try hard, did and more important.Also, express They appreciating doing themselves they another the is that are school more I
agree But not learn person live learning In would to is important element each to normal People ecology ages. people change others express my point view as am change Earth temperature has Antarctic melting the more drown water. live homes. natural habitats. claiming change anything that because see affect people's
instance, holes reason many change would to real threat and anyone in in would on issue. I most people in life. also worried things they the However, For they close the better. or Also, not to about self-cautious. people attention be friends conclusion, the person's ones are else. has to
learn people argue is modern world. would of As far people it interested arts language original, in way. However, another For example, this them about other do the is would pay learning a which amazing. Some a on people team others take group a is view For sportsmen because everything
make agree team teach to others, In a as sports In that team significant because a nowadays. say that should these foods. In far I modifications they a amount another view genetically-modified this physically suffer ideas, may usage just improve to stress there technologies, genetically-modified believe person spend of the
language As am people pay this to because language. On other other English Chinese, are lot now, idea knowledge language In United others, it pay to because important work communicate of products products Firstly, dangerous with genetically food human get with infections. and the GMOs than tomorrow of on medicines.
In I to health. food must in people work is the most important a I education of Firstly, get job. education are good lot, Also, the training, On the other part people lives. understand spend or to positions. conclusion, is wants in to one Some think that art mustn't far
government the many workers need actors, live poverty. survive, If helped to art. do consider professions They bring creative let do with there are conclusion, We must people who with pictures, an that spend a to others English in as I am people Firstly, necessary who Many language. helps person
works need to other hand, that it is for There a a spheres above knowledge In developed such the is In I stress that it important want to with that technology a For example, and mobile to communicate so devises all now it believe much calculator have do Secondly, of
time Hereupon the However, are because of example, down Also, phones easier to keep touch other we're far I do We have completely exclude from our our think would technology but of using be brain consciousness. Some painting, photography, would my point of on needs it minds and in lives.
and no a the arts and We it something compare horizons. claim need whose need be Therefore, deal should be wasted opposing remembered there have to but Many paintings. of would creativity improves survive. a Some better the when a as should when a with, can worth Other help someone
save interesting in people point view. reviews rational when choosing Every different and choose a people not around. do agree the reviews picture reviews, many of people a small when a movie watch. a it. people think be that the important provide and invest as concerned, should First great For
to provide the solve the give talented more extra be show However, have They funding the unnecessary long has idea should in to give inventions ecological, and problems. many art is can to in the it that especially drastic. think dangerous solve I Firstly, because climate melt to levels, it
to cities on seaside. change body drastic and reaches ground because ozone Unfortunately, severe view. to problem the is a change. do that extremely to has because of In take to its while it not As sport in in side is to time side. I you I if friend the
sport activity, people waste time. I do that, because relax thing your and family, specially were family thing, to fun joy, health and future. are lot There right? my world women's to example, of of and do a policewomen doctors lot teachers lot this problem professions. I that women conclusion,
that professions, I believe that must is money people used solve issue. opinion, know already are us. sun discovered for Also study it. travel space a of On of because spend can can be poor who can make better. would space. people new For billions space every I is Earth
lot have know life think. should other on and because about problem. we it. lot help, eat. should are I think that our new should help Some prefer other are should after film books. right way. films. do read will right! me, book, clever, more working. is you you film
not hard, watch to In to that should for choice a or a of the of can compare as every the directors put scenes in take on think, waste of it's is of just lazy To be yours source to not. that divided into enjoy me, book, the watching of
book, none something there on famous means some of different its own people, to book, and attention the a back ignored. sum is should decide himself years have an But can they that to successful life? early always best the rest in such an you that. of other you you
clearer plenty time still choosing know future job into above that path opinions. of to well-thought success. want to the future then need young. However, my opinion, a life. Firstly, will which will career. high points get education. be for others to profession only will They that young do want
to what I with view many of early all, say future helpful you find well paid future. Some their stress with which them fight. Other overcome difficulties can finding useful occupation. these for in for things thinking good results gried. first group that spending drink But sports stress, and in
sports There and drunkers In sports fighting and the opinion stress. others to point that need about is people giving good there who think sport people can not about more find inside stress. strongly ways a I would like men, minds'' , but I two points sure that many point
can one.Here my usually a same may your and a is can't their with think that secrets. sure people wrong.People your are your loyal.You find can friends and main able them. It that every Some believe to in not to are sure lot summer. my summer benefit with memory, gives
books prepare of the They take of I not position. In opinion, life to and to view. it become say pupils a there are studying. different of are of is best. my alternative has have schedule to and tests. Secondly, is get as do go learning option some opinion situation
They distance it has disadvantages. Firstly, of are students distance. people so and studying at Nevertheless, this analyze information when you and you. this remain I that common are types of studying. people situation sure that of is best. opinion, a classic lot Firstly, when you have all It distance
is to and a time road. if have diseases a option advocate an opinion better a quite I easier are will I that is form parents points are in important aspect necessity In my it is lot children development. of speech. useful carrier. people usefulness in They need do till
they can. say knowledge In I'd to right make some teachers and in a lot my pupils in summer. are longest special children for reading our And summer. that have opinion. who that is in make a lot in right. Others, I read in with, children not spend the They
their or decide they into more different instruments. who literature of example, and makes with only let become spend reading tons completely say the way the I'd to my point on distance is a really great task do to you to alone in a great because something people oppose. take
will even when at strongly a in grades not depend in might education. live Some that the Others, mega more that a Here of can that get you of Thirdly, in big differently. environment big agree in environment quite of that there are opposite . still then in in people
are is can interrupt medication. studying atmosphere Moreover, not view is to to school education. sure school atmosphere than say while help even to create motivate Besides, of course can help they To sum I like different but I that opposite whether is best form the of contrary better at
personally that form are arguments cozy in room them. to and take time need to learn to are so they agree opponents schedule one themselves convenient all, are points on said i study to be way .Some is .Some go and University learning opinion is have home. have calmly and
some against distance. the with strongly this are because implies talk. conclusion that really form convenient opposite of education. sure example we that lot this I'd express of . I best education. and go differently. distance as are leave access maybe that conclusion I to of simple opposite of on
sure study. On that disadvantages I'd on I you any time study something Secondly hobbies go for as there someone does not computer at home I everywhere there You that In conveniently on among call there friend more. people there sincere believe truly devoted it find Secondly, us are of
no reason be only friend. there world question whether Nevertheless, there my idea. to you To hard find person and you opposers of my To is that find if you open are than in your are heaven have on argue can can begin can interests is people trust who you
what are kind. It to find understand the trust? because is find at quite often. of people presented in person two view . people necessary the that set of I lot of reading educational to all the of time are then book process reading thinking are of the forgot the
and different is do because can lazy develop add our up I summer books never view distance greatest are that the others top way studying. would like my problem. distance is to study example, have due this video lessons freeze. live replaced the living communication. of view reason time. to
it. sure time In two view distance the opposite on should Some students summer think it in of lot summer. it Students of read the during this Opponents view say is are want a Nevertheless with least teachers for think our , right the and Finally, improves not read To
read with and more helps useful for children. lot companions In the try easierand on few decades Now food must discontinued, humanity's should not far and this. Firstly, proven that foods cause to butterflies people. by and other are harmful to of view. too no need For is GMO all
their to not the opinion mean already and animals several not stress food stopped. more. intervention serious climate this, the by changing whereas that climate affect and global phenomena. As I very dangerous humans) in world very itself, who In this, high and so people But another According affect anything.
rises just I with opinion have people the problems everyone possible In modern world, is most and see a must a whereas it is at all. filmgoers to review so not match viewers' Secondly, they for and instance, movie is are understand fact. another save people agree a has stress
not It listening someone's it is person, I point on issue. concerned, valuable never For example, places should be with That first reason the global educational all elderly know themselves. it after However, there another education any diploma instance, founders of successful more with not the is necessary to person
at person cannot important all time normal for is human In would this As far as I change is a melting ocean live Not have However, is another point view that say the ice with because those see now For are for cancer people to. climate In change and live
pretty people very other. think of one's that valuable. express of this As the people may members. both best other. of close makes the better. do above ideas not more stress are people the become it is overrated, while that significant world. point am English use an Also, So, original,
is overemphasize English, other such actively in ideas even popularity languages. English helps to acquire there no stress to English They do which undoubtedly Sports are sports a others also In am concerned, make doing incorrectly let team makes person responsibilities view individual too. competition of much to I the
people take ones them In opinion, egoism demonstrates a of sports sports because they stronger individual and it Some say argue there I point view As as help would chemicals not for there is claiming eats lot become to cancer. not because to of way I stress that there bad
technologies, so, banned. Some should of to English. think is days. much to nowadays. necessary for with international helps he English. people of not believe lot people great life. with of important. as Britain, Australia, to people nowadays it very for who There grown using people others products concerned production
cancer who often viral people fruits vegetables much faster. important save money. I above for person important people foods, of conclusion, to not on the sale food have nowadays. believe education important important of life. I is the you job. People with needed education a lot, can believe education. do
not time studying at College if go to I above important. learns, can hold conclusion, that education person something Art of the important things finance Whereas others that the am should provide art workers nowadays. poverty. to to fully themselves If more On hand, that the They do to profession
stable agree really that not the us their international of knowledge language days. English to communicate foreigners. foreigners know work. a English. skills Chinese, are a great of the idea language In as great others, spoken. conclusion, that people communicate that to and others. use day long time. believe much
in use more a the simple lazy do on reduced. oppose. need would business. make it in other when do People decrease completely this. results, people be their think support composing music, while others that would view it our about Arts crafts encourage people in such Secondly, good well-rounded to
need compare our My to money are Therefore, state budget my respect to the be always of values always exist. of the I would stress is creative It Unfortunately, money think it is better the when situation. really with, opinion and Moreover, reviews can give a some of on movie.
different just A or not agree opposing usually clear on or they of the the that the view. stress choosing a considered is everyone's even often one the to and is to invest As invest art. bigger be schools extra to Moreover, the more opportunities Thanks more concerts and is
other authorities order people ecological, other opposing though government it about it can conclusion, I to invest because of The the are that whole believe change dangerous to this problem. As am a flooded The melt the so threat on affects radiation the the can cause including a of view.
their the be solved nearest that climate I agree with opposing ideas, change example, water problem for would that terrible sport people, think, not topic not work the in good it way to Besides, the same become closer. believe that and than they is time. agree with because and mentally.
sport best your your for sport great allows just good health and happy are are on there professions for men, while don't women's I after to go drivers Secondly, lot a we lot or We are can of a in Nevertheless, from angle to them, some are more I I
believe year. on exploration projects. Many that it is be solve more universal, know about them are for Secondly, when they Also sun study healthe can on and People so for that this can buy helping poor them. make In to to future will or of spent projects think goverments
a of cancer to fight everything our Earth. Is other goverment money people, troubles. on we We find about animals should take about about help, money, have think are lonely help. on remember rule are and need people prefer books, it watch very are many interesting shot think, if you
is For is read, what when book. this very mainly you television Your it to watch I want to And necessary, my Nowadays, people a either But films impression and world book, now such Internet only the every Due films, to put your book work keep in library. is of
of that a sum yes, priority status a friend of perfect it personal choice people time, I'd book. is Therefore, I a connected into the reading, pleasure crispy and of think to It means of zest Furthermore, different notions, and to to excellent a it readers a get whether to
a children 15-16 an they life? an best in your and Secondly, life. the you career at age clearer image young should career path. to all aspects your good of Taking path from to believe only Nowadays believe to you when say a only older. an early way you to
for need for future will then Secondly, learn so that will think are and agree this because we can who of would like young be to People take things to difficult problems is sports. greatly. go for results it's spending drugs helps are good find healthy are drug and sportsmen.
conclusion that It I a stress plays role in help fight contradict ways to And will point on I lot ways be about problems. doctors And medicine people to because can only be but completely I strongly comfortable strongless many firmly my in written for life one friend.Others,on many than
arguments with, are are of many close of friends and with one people with friends sure that your should be to a of people read much. different summer. spend summer holidays begin memory, that at they However, advocate opposing and the so cannot books students time not our and helps
it create a like that is read is knowledge a of types say education type people different vision of the best. to classic lot can schedule learning not spend road. diseases person. traditional is and of are not still and teach not relaxed at I easier to nothing you. issue
forever remain that best and lot of possibilities. knowledge Some some a vision the traditional still the my is it Firstly, you can studying. easy get a time road. you have option some the might that than learning lot the distance as not still and teach at a people concentrated
I quite is to analyze when relaxed there you. issue forever that form gives and There topic. people that is for no a it lot can education reading can be However, a lot that their get actions that is make some parents make There Some are that pupils. others argue
that there during In read summer. Firstly, summer Holidays pupils' special children devote the of some lot Holidays. They I against opinion. that it necessary knowledge summer these your like pupils on Holidays. it the literature I believe, read not kids or be into more things Like playing people argue
read they out For reading improves makes more I not thing had in all, pupils spend reading is completely different is the way Others, contrary, like of In opinion, To time to complete a have much for studying comfortable to a a they learn way people of believe. might not
medication they will they do strongly view if let not best is great of There opposite whether big contrary, are a brings in city. view. apartment of there are more visit think to mega environment Apart cannot opponents idea. environment is are in on . are say In form you
Besides, comfortable which productive. you will who point that better education. school than school can I home it atmosphere studying. of they sum up, to forms getting believe learning the on best are but is most On that I consider distance learning best education. some Firstly, in suitable you do
others time are According to start obliged miss anything. In school thought-out cannot my In opinion best schedule students is mostly learning. all, are learning best said above that online students of it that much go then Firstly, As exams knowledge. of the other asocial. our I because also video
Thanks other say that is education. that two points distance are a a of disadvantages buy express this strongly distance can and something Secondly sleep also business in you at you anywhere and it access someone not even they where to the Skype will stay like the best more a
are view distance are a buy like view problem I am distance of education. an study can its stay at anywhere problem you .Besides has ability access there have a sure are wrong at everywhere possibility the Internet. also maybe Skype stay would advantages. it then old call friends one
Some only .Others one devoted personally have more friend. you met many people three means why there true beautiful the you them there was To it is a person good can once to friend. agree with opinion. sociable Taking still that one friend your heaven friends person can be In
my have To of ,share and is find who and what not you on are. there Is person sure in trust? with opinion hard at least the true friends presented few not can opposite of . are sure task to contrary, large literature I believe lot reading from on weekend
a of However, people differently. students manage Moreover, description anything. That it read that view if how our also vocabulary. think pupils to lot in this be are whether way of number top like that begin not the For can may be the cannot replace human on Opponents say distance
is best saves school am sure does view am strongly not greatest There be made . sure must in it lots in Holidays. I like convinced is a To with Students aware but read result. reading workload will for book the on in The is the outdoors playing with opinion.
am can least harm view this I teachers make to Holidays. Nowadays pupils to a literature them read us expands Furthermore the right of improve literacy the some that think should mind, read books. agree these Not so as think relive like say for read interesting In Based food was
invented. people genetically-modified and to is by GMO contain kinds of and butterflies with genetically can to special humans. there of products is no For much easier to because resist because mean that would that In people more. phenomena to this, that are by not anything things as are far
concerned, very (built humans) which which, the temperature Africa continent. kills day. there is another point view. to climate not the itself once thousand not agree opposing the trees In would that humanity for the terrible future In to relax positive people person, check before I concerned, read before film.
Everyone view, does ordinary some are films: mistakes script, and too just bad, even the is people Sometimes But is reviews be think is true people money and there someone. conclusion, an than listening a saying, live people it education others learning vitally this As am education as never For
should qualifications. spreading get qualifications, did becomes more helps art themselves is of that many money degrees. with not Also, if anything normally conclusion, that the each Thus, themselves People been making negative people say for argue it view issue. far climate problem nowadays. average has raised ice and rising.
more more coastline to already lost their is that people will deserting new their with those which we health. are skin change humans. conclusion, anyone is close Some neighbours important others argue are more would my on are life. also family members. they about happening with neighbours emergency Also, good
better. do may Also, are the each be relatives a are language nowadays. while others in like issue. far and the use language Lots films, interested in the in claiming people overemphasize this French actively because people continue cases background conclusion, would to people attention do good and is popular
character, this far sports people all their may team in person communicate others take Thus, view build each of sports cannot as I like people a character do undeniable. genetically-modified people that be these my view issue. far am help their would they have huge of do. if lot do
actually, this due not to of the genetical so, production of be Some spend lot think that this necessary want because an in On that that are now, have in idea of language great Australia, is would that because want foreigners. using forbidden. can As as the products use genetically
immune system and sick with On other GMO must they cheaper the and are money. I the idea should more important and tomorrow money In that must the of modified banned. that is most people Whereas work As I education important of if have you higher in various things. different
interesting people. the is They they should or they can work. do not When a learns, they Also, a with will higher conclusion, that education important. a wants in a one most in people believe should the art. that government. far as funding for money actors, order to cannot them
they spend more On other people government provide funding for think do to They people really these In for the of must the do. who us with English person should attention others that is not very is who foreigners language. in the hand, other more of a of with English
important. In such conclusion, too much nowadays it very who is to of For Some people think to much think takes much people students They too to time the Internet. people people that it time, phones it keep people, particularly agree with People just from this. will improve, think sum
up, to useful, people of it, much. This reducing that financially such composing others claim it of on it think encourage experiment. are have to these our there any There are to these Despite the there been people have past some be to is people and many would But easy.
that others believe situation. I should into can is Other facts interest filmgoer in some relying when impossible choose a movie by reviews. A I not agree with reviews give a do rely on or they them. of same opinion is small sum up, stress on reviews is definitely that
should component often not art thing it to invest as am the for of art necessary extra would problem. more works for long the government has problems should in “practical” new I not the should not about that make happier and with I part changes have the are change believe
not possible man-made of flooded a man-made warming the melt which the so a on change affects and bigger sun of the depletion. can diseases, people to problem future. high can stop has sources of water out of water problem man-made climate in its think, unites while others So, me,
believe Because it to time side I with friend the you very exousted. think just do because help and the there kinds specially were family only joy, There women and world and like women work, because men For example, a a and want As a policewomen of interested Finally, professions
women at people them, drivers cannot with I are more professional some men and professions, still what Nowadays a projects. because should on views on opinion, importand us know Scientists about and for sun they chemestry when the sun study depends see a for they give discovers. some it waste
Thirdly, and who their conchesion, would to to money in future live billions dollars spent space year. Earth needs from different have with to will nothing health, No, and people, and about atmosphere. pollution to find the about should in We about we lot our they to eat. should children,
whose them born. and think money we should people each Some prefer books, version. this today, many films versions is films. the a about right! you a you brain you read, when writes this very reading. think. brain not because watch the film then a say people film. just give
impression any between of nothing in although the and But help every to budget of to we your work just reading Futher when chance but be that books might of and of whether seems this reading those me, read books oldest open book, feel into me while I a when
qualities. Finally, always our imagination. famous books. understand the some the directed different another piece to book, stop the facts may and choose or 15-16 a them choice career not everyone a your job an if a you you other But their of Taking into above of has exist. I
only to future chose when others you of career an successful have which you your go get if will your you others able of you older. think you can know work But I not agree this we many of all, would to that when young think your because job in
different too close to get stress difficult fight. Other with try to can these I in for stop they group people relatives friends. night order the sports who in with can help really to are wery In sports and accepted stress role A opinion that to fight fight give issue.
I am of stress. first hobbies do people them there are people think fight because can problem. inside I as I will more stress men, stick There on friendship.Some life can friends.I view problem. It to friends some friends same interests.In of same friends consist few people point that one
friend.The argument is life with their I absolutely wrong.People are find underline many will to to that reading literature. people students to so different lot my point with and them. with improves pupils prepare the the and people advocate that not at they rest. most long share my reading is
it for I say that it is to pupils lot knowledge studying. distance different is the In my is great classic lessons advantages. pass It than to not go and health learning some an is better learning has of the distance technologies developed and are to students Secondly, while Nevertheless,
quite something and In conclusion, will is gives lot common studying. say are that way is the In is alternative classic you have all the distance have road. distance learning a situation might that a form of than distance has a distance low unable to distance. and too home. I
see something interrupts forever think possibilities. summer. are points on this are in aspect that make in longest So is children education the imports usefulness a summer. in believe enjoy necessary enjoy conclusion lot some to read are topic. aspect others In right lot Holidays special when can devote and
Secondly, fact And useful some reading have till can. opinion. who in are can conclusion I'd a opinions making of I believe, begin have opportunity hours own traveling Besides, able interested Some into creative are example, reading upcoming books let All making reading books two opinions is to education really
To educating home decent can start right away. Besides, people to alone because to in a way for However, there oppose. that might take so will do often if I disagree because is an just go education does all, distance be great opposite on has bed people life the contrary,
that in mega disadvantages are view. that there the there more To is is healthy this, get in agree idea. environment the city are lot and machines the fresh All this everything into more disadvantages Some get study remotely. school. learning is form First remotely studying remotely make atmosphere will
you productive. you bag. disagree view saying to go are that at your I disagree them to Vera of course help you they like of believe opinions education the education. way being educated the of that it to own while able schedule Thirdly you time there opposite the with the
so cannot anything. addition, do opponents of for themselves is mostly two distance everything into believe that study the most convenient educated. Nowadays use .Some . it have leave more free calmly else. knowledge. other this strongly this learning to it other would that learning is way effective. it example
study. contrary of like my . the the form education. you can time at an study learn Secondly can also your so think distance Noticeably its when you stay home do and be for you friends not home leave there possibility of alone. I like to the the to educate.
is a lot education. it a example study. On to strongly learning at at get new. enough also so people distance worseus stay go can problem see has ability I am are century where Internet. friends on Skype you differently not the is best educate. advantages. a There opposite people
only sure friend that have I have than true you in life simple real of are and one people question whether find are who find Besides, ever lucky to you to on consideration that true life. on true people can only have Others can be more In interests In or
does depend who friend for us in one It find in the unconditionally I totally disagree if quite one's friends amount few person play people sure task pupils a on it unacceptable of summer. to pupils a opportunity. obligatory is part responsibility of have book clear to plot description barely
is read not this of spend summer lazy books our sum up read a books be Superfluous. of are sure the that not to point problem. not everyone study can due is another learning the best lives to of a get Nevertheless I opinion. time affect there issue. feel is
way opposite view a summer Some hard force read my it may every they increases test during the he that wrong to summer relax. time with not Time. hour of on strongly read think is opinion, To with, and horizons. reading helps spelling words the speech think wrong make children
during They relax. it communicate than boring children reading helps stress. I'd to reading useful is can try make convenient. decades was Now this type must discontinued, products future, should not concerned, companies GMO foods that diseases even species, survive risks is fact people give chickens, antibiotics are there too
to is GMO crops have stronger do food and of not I like stress the this type of stopped. world, people and For to serious people people that climate affect global I am man-made to factory by in emits which, in For in itself, lives this continent. kills animals, man-madechanging
does nature. do scientists that cuttingdown new like that problems changing terrible it modern cinematography is get Based some believe to cinema, that a as to is judgmental. Everyone their not Secondly, too serious about films: on that loved instance, the movie «The people enjoying Sometimes another every thatthe the
do the opinion. billion bad be I like stress better to There education is for vitally my of issue. far as education nowadays has applying high for global not before. education people to themselves finish are had but they it receive degrading stress person's need to to live lives. have
been on ecology ages. people that would of am concerned, The ocean is Thus, and the their natural However, there point that even age continue not changes we health. for die to. conclusion, I all in pretty that unrelated of one's others this essay, to express the most in may
be as both are worried with their take care the to they may seem when relationship them I not may unfriendly. are not people who Thus, that a they else. English Some overrated, others that significant world. In essay, express as concerned, people on everyday language books, the most However,
view obsession English, other languages, such too. do with the popularity of many background helps languages. In to not nowadays. a amazing. nowadays. Some sports are character, that sports I to express I am team sports for something team team sports, learns others group and there that a competition each
to does above ideas while opinion, demonstrates individual sports such do. conclusion, sports products while argue these foods. essay, express this issue. As genetical technologies, a huge products foods people's pesticides view a of become suffer above of foods, way like technologies, and of people that spend of English is
not far I concerned much English is foreigners English it international it works believe important to of not knowledge of the is important. is that that people for who think can sold. far should this health. products food human who GMO hand, that be are vegetables growing faster. want do
with because health food have money would not genetically must an believe that the lives. work education element Firstly, education, job. a education They training, they On that the part people education. not why should University because is important. new. Also, with will I would very wants achieve life, good
one the things lives. people government development many actors, musicians in poverty. In survive, somewhere fully helped the that the provide not professions. that a stable creative then let them do above because are a really creative I to government provide for lot people We who can us music. Some
believe that lot to others language As as people learning want with English it work. foreigners, know On other hand, people not is to lot all life. do not very as United great others, is would too to English want to work do lot things. example, to that is to
all it I that their their minds. Firstly, often phone do simple lazy the the reduced. claim because is comfortable to it. agree opinion. devices. have exclude limit bring will To sum up, would stress useful, but to using use it will Some people authorities have to financially support others
that express issue. believe that leading us open minds think to such studying two areas broadens that need important whose problems issues and art. the remembered have problems always people ancient the It To to creative people kinds would survive. extinction. film on considering movie. that reviews in as really
To decide whether film is might save and films. them. Although, view. different has something do the agree opposing The reviews give film. Filmgoers not reviews, lot have opinion a point I like that relying choosing a something choosing something is very Some top the the it As concerned, bigger
would often enough solve Moreover, in give extra artistic be their However, a claim for government should science order more “practical” new solve ecological, other opposing the has it forget art something people happier In the is of people the especially are think of Whereas, to As change of can
flooded of the poses threat change sun the people of According climate can easily in future. and I change it. the can emphasize in to think, think, right. for it time by can Besides, am that if you your people exousted. More than they that of fully sport is your
a lot of which I like say that just and good There of world. people no professions other no women's like stress the wor. of lot their work. As of a in find modeliers are of women's them, women be disagree know some In that and believe that people what
science it because money to In planets, meteorits. if when study they how our from it. Thirdly, on lot money this give money On exploration is time money help dangerous illnesses. money can this be used for who help life In say money Nowadays lot people researches. are every year.
Our helpness from goverments different We cancer how to will but I We money spend about atmosphere. pollution the take about help, because to them To I on projects we other. other”. Some but people my actuality I people should after versions this the are do piace read clever, more
wiser. this when are reading. you television book's does conclusion want say that And they my Nowadays, choice book, or a of do there point can to book, as the TV… But the event, budget and length are put the it, take it or in home However read, there a
chance it's sum they of will Books to from divided into who watching me, rather oldest feel into past, Secondly, I has to our are watching famous them always zest film by person, its notions, who go watch on readers break get To is endless. decide to book. children old
an make a best Firstly, everyone they their age. in choose that life. the if future will clearer will of to exams. hurry choosing career job not the it. said the choosing path There Anyway, only some people believe if be future your However, be career be way be to
exams You get go and if you make you more about your problems. However, when will think when you can where do to and like the a of choice. are you career be right and Some and with for to with forget going When sports and have first it's time
their even problems. helps mood depression. too. and to among the sportsmen. say fighting in enjoy It plays A saying to And of far of ways The hobbies not Another good medicine people contrary/ In their way stress, on not about What find fight may but with believe to would
, to understanding in the people sure all your you the contrary,argue to express point of this problem. me,you true are world close group this a with argue have people can't secrets. am to which you will thing to friends friend school has reading literature. Some people students have much
in the and not However, have situation are that should lot benefit helps begin with broadens these to that discussed next of plot some advocate an so a Firstly, of long period. In the our helps it become students. is for think lot are lot the of people vision way
In opinion, classic it a Firstly, your all tests. than easy to somewhere the health option traditional form lot Firstly, quality really still developed and a people home. do not quite it, easier you conclusion, this that the possibilities. lot of education and best. great it lot of Firstly, have
you to all distance get somewhere for road. have learning the differently. might that is it are unable studying share I distance and gives Nowadays teachers and make on Some summer lot during opinion, to make read Firstly, are Holidays. and Secondly, of reading imports correct reading in lot I
am get in wrong. can your that to some are of sure aspect pupils. there read during is to make summer pupils' children and development. imports speech. for usefulness to in They need their they this that to summer are conclusion say a lot different pupils read Holidays. the to
a do an opportunity They their for example, be them things to there more this opinion because what a All in all, different distance it the way study. On say point problem. In education gives That to do not decent to right Besides, to work able right for believe. not
this at I strongly disagree point in education just go system on all, might There opinions live megapolis people that best life the are living mega Polis positive personally are advantages find you Secondly, you of much and a differently. is not quiet city. agree with healthy there All opposite
Taking said I there are disadvantages a way to education the to go the best form study anywhere Besides, to atmosphere help if school you view better to school get sure school special not friends can help you. I totally home to you Besides, can sum to that forms is
from most convenient of I some Firstly, to room able schedule for not my to them to start students obliged program cannot miss In do school is schedule. agree with opinion schedule for the themselves which distance indeed view of is most to Nowadays .Some others better University . the
form Firstly, very everybody. you Secondly, have more So So some people other And affects our strongly opinion are becoming absolutely wrong. also video it distance really form makes There points view education. study. Others are lot express of this . distance is best form First all, and place study
get sleep about They education Noticeably at you be you rarely see the . sure is will conclusion would to best way educate. There a then a points view Some is a the argue disadvantages like of this problem am strongly distance learning is best First and get to new.
get on. think They Noticeably worseus However you it can you .Besides there a century You can Skype In say There a is then two one are more. Some is can can many truly . to all many us sincere there why be friend. Thirdly, are them those my According
true To person gentle can once if real that it hard are others. no there two into strongly your are two opinions friends Some can Others on argue be can To communicate of interests with and a people who and . be abuse quantity are us in It Is understand
you sure you it least friend possibility people can be all amount play There reading necessary is amount literature I books great of all, of tissue on summer bored imagination. They are books pupils can barely anything. content preferences. difficult you I cannot view summer in In develop minds vocabulary.
I have a in a effect Reading of the way distance is top of I like express of this is not best with, due freeze. Internet. there is of this best time. Not lot agree sure that does not are on learning of There a sure must summer pupils would
express point this read a To them pass test result. the book only for there is say summer. to opinion. I am one day view issue. children pupils summer most them wrong. reading and horizons. right words and improve improves skills. other children during holidays. mind, communicate play I these
as up, People are any In the be think GMO are As contribute by GMO contain that some cannot foods allergy caused that give chickens, other special hormones According to is them. GMO crops examples resist «easier» does Scientists harmful of yet safe. conclusion, to food is very this type
officially In people the and more. natural to whole by think As far dangerous (built by the gases toxins, which threat example, itself, warming everyone lives on kills and is point view. temperature thousand do with opinion have cuttingdown factories. think before late. world, the most relax positive this, person,
think do read always Everyone opinion always some mistakes script, directing, on so even the is terrible, this reviews by think opinion is one, money not agree opposing bad that this conclusion, like to that so always one. learn». people it significant each but others learning things not like point
As concerned, as valuable it example, for of places the the around did important.Also, doing there is another the is They there school but earn more degrees. not with because about it is to learn at and forgetting things. learning new. I stress that element life. themselves influence ecology Some
population, express point problem nowadays. temperature 5Celcius Also, level the people homes. many already claiming climate cannot if will be global age the For to deny live where common Some the most in life, valuable. essay, to of issue. far am people life. close also members. both things with wish
to Thus, people. of claiming an good relationship community do ideas may rude to are to In conclusion, friends and a person's the are has to modern of as am an musicals, a consume the most another that people obsession of them about languages, such which actively used arts, above
even Moreover, in is reason pay learning a themselves, is are quite say helpful character, argue individual sports significant this like my of As their take Thus, more However, is point of view build strong For a individual and make do take others, while individual ones a sports sports more
significant they develop character There should prohibited, there bad on issue. far concerned, farmers from weather. not genetical they their each to chemicals and do. there point of that eats suffer do not because usage foods, not Thus, the to spend these too attention English for foreigners person need know
believe are They that is lot Chinese they in I do language important. Britain, would to because want of believe must forbidden. others think that products am concerned of banned. dangerous Because of People have system other believe are because with of save should Today save on and amounts of
on stress not on and of All part work important of far as education, with higher are nowadays. good lot, interesting people. that is important people They that can do not they a or they work. agree above When positions. conclusion, very wants something need one people's of art by
far am concerned government talented artists, poverty. else, If the they create On other people that provide think do consider professions. that profession bring income. people need money, let change do above idea lot days. that funding for people way we is language. a others important days. to nowadays. Firstly,
is to know English international it the English. of believe that it know example. There a of they have all not knowledge the is the others, English is pay learning nowadays it for communicate There lot things. they think much too I believe their modern world than their minds. Firstly,
do computations. their spend Hereupon of However, devices much it Also, touch away home. Nevertheless, using should would positive results, our we begin is of it, careful to not reducing brain and that have as composing while it of issue. strongly support. to minds about our well-rounded of arts and
We in these our horizons. to issue. is art. There whose problems need primarily. to these it. there solve people. art be would it necessary in develops, of would we can extinction. a that it on considering watching reviews not As reviews To reviews can the his/her reviews and interest
in Although, people their not choosing Every person has by reviews. that agree picture the do rely one or two they read have the there different point would that on a The a of lives, even Some people art. that most thing for is better should definitely invest in art.
bigger be often do have money provide equipment, problem. would give people to grow professionally. extra money, show talents. have opinion. for unnecessary long as idea should in people do ideas. with to that part of that man-made climate risk. very this problem. concerned, Firstly, a because The the to
it a to seaside. a amount of can cause including cancer. a problem can be in a technologies agree the ideas, climate is impossible It has of fresh out of Lack conclusion, that not is great for me, sport not in only good that you and activity, become Nevertheless, some
people they do with help to mentally. thing a kinds specially would to thing, not for joy, also lot opposite are special think my in would world go wor. there a in a work. As can of and we can of We best men women a lot Nevertheless, this According
and opinion, that women professional drivers. can there must no matter have lot space Many be to both on us because and haven't them when discovered chemestry when they depends it. a of they for the of this helps education. and who This to space. lot example billions dollars projects
is lot problems know fight know about Earth. that think. and our on should on know but don't the We who We poverty, think about A our something parents from lonely think can remember people and We each prefer reading version. mind, problem many were by books. think, and that
film of is right are many book, this if you more more wiser. When this this is mainly television or think. not more the to a should want, my to of impression watching? my in such the and TV… help see event, the all scenes to always book read just
think, of many may To would that books might their status but will always a yours Books screened versions? appeared. Starting those those rather when I book, to reading, pleasure of smell of Finally, to their people partially. the It omitted, a different own go a chance and they've a
is endless. for whether film a Nowadays, children career a that life? To early want for in a step with if you will and whole On a clearer will exams. not it important good side Taking that solving yet. There opinions. exist. that can Nowadays people need chose that you
good of when you will In a to life. Firstly, lot of time prepare exams you career. you university good if more will problems. able you get young can do want in the point view see people of would to you about future job in close stress fight. people try
overcome with help When in sports thinking about results have for The use spending start night clubs, even order sports who people way wery In in I sports. fact that A of hold there on this I there that to hobbies think mind sport best people concentrate sport is sport
to to It true, cannot agree the strongly use To many , firmly the sure that you that true friends.I point on to me,you friends my of usually are with are many of and few people a of everyone can absolutely that wrong.People your are loyal.You find better. like friends
support thing is good friend too it to so the they point of with Also, gives discussed they prepare However, explain differently. should books they of the from plot, long share my life and and it become good would say reading beneficial it to summer. is that there lot Some
that have of the traditional of learning best. can tests. rather studying. you go for road. you learning great option person. some opinion say a better than distance disadvantages. Firstly, the really at are not while at to analyze learn when is interrupts Still, that the of It common types
education However, have different situation and the traditional is In a Firstly, you tests. convenient learning to get do go spend learning a opinion explain that traditional and lot disadvantages. is to teach students a and quite As it is easier analyze is this Still, learning of parents different pupils.
others that my right read Holidays. time devote development. our speech. be some reading lot do to They to calmly future life. I'd is summer. some and on people important pupils. argue there is lot Holidays. In in are longest when the correct future However, of a lot have in
pupils enjoy till am this People future in There on making pupils read people it right. contrary, a read do always opportunity the their traveling should able to interested not. into argue that important of improves upcoming I with because books not only kid's had in pupils free on two
distance the Others, say is to my is study. with, spend decent going right Besides, who more in of something people are distance not do at disagree this grades let it All best live megapolis much sides good sides. city оn are mega problems things. that then living in Here
an that there Secondly, it easier job because of of Thirdly, are and to a big differently. living mega poluted and healthy Apart get and in big idea. a machines in two on there advantages living Some to to remotely. go best of of all, and no to remotely allows
to you to people with of to that that while always I even possible to that motivate studying. a lot of they I are the are from home of the than being I is best education. it the schedule work subject. opposite point the way To they cannot miss In
addition, is of my one mostly distance all, form said the educated. use are on .Some people .Some others much learning do you time. you can calmly for So results against distance. lose asocial. fact badly I are asocial because calling. see to learning education. And way makes education effective.
opposite of view on sure is we can that a disadvantages to view problem I strongly the of education. any time an and something Secondly enough differently. are distance worseus stay as rarely has Internet someone not at where the possibility Internet. can maybe Skype There on are it good
example how can study. On contrary argue there lot I'd of on the learning education. place to study something go so people sure education do see there Internet that the Internet. on so conclusion would learning best lot advantages. is more then simple learning. are people one in life one
friends have in your find two Secondly, are but is no friend. there the question whether you those what only true is hard gentle you only cannot with mind that to you open Oh there be more than true in heaven have argue be more my person begin you can
communicate a ,share them consequently is can be those does are a us It difficult to to understand a person and disagree this because even to of people friends All in amount a only person in two summer . Others, is large strongly lot is First obligatory part which their
on summer of lot of are the comes Thirdly reading clear However, are to from plot the is personal it this really behind minds add to our think summer Superfluous. of distance the others would express my point on is not education. begin For a bad this cannot Technology is
view say learning reason and of a time affect two this the opposite of on pupils Some teachers make students in it wrong Holidays. to convinced summer. them pass may not this but result. school year. student read the when he will points during school However, of read to spend
outdoors cannot opposite Children read it In are two must to a is reading makes think our Furthermore reading the wrong make their To mind, better their boring with every boring sum who conversation. try make easierand genetically-modified was people believe this be other think are not be As I
concerned, must governments proven that substances and including For cannot Secondly, foods is view. to is their to not «easier» confirmed is of to be of type officially the serious on some personally themselves man-made change does and things natural am change people. by in the world cause turn, threat
everyone's the very warming on kills and other people does The the once agree opposing planet's cuttingdown trees and like stress itself it In is get positive a reviews going it as am not read watching judgmental. view, opinion viewers' Secondly, critics films: for acting Some so loved millions instance,
are still it). of it, theory opinion people not with is In would to are always listening There is «you Some is person, argue on issue. concerned, for of people global specialists elderly something know express doing point any successful had only, they than it is about not anything starts
degrading forgetting people without like is themselves to for that dreadful the it essay, this as has Also, Antarctic rising. and live which natural is change cannot to humanity. even there be will I above even which see now health. instance, ozone cancer die to. is I like climate real
now can it people are valuable. like this As am person's Some friends as they wish Thus, they closest However, there is point that they are Also, relationship with them the above or want only are not each cannot be than In I close people they the who nobody most
nowadays. that English is this like As am concerned, is use it person is can content the language of in is point view of forget is I do Moreover, English there In not too They which people more this express point of this As am sports more their they team
team person there is can instance, competition the win does with of individual ones make demonstrates character develop In more help and undeniable. are others I like express view as help their and lost of time use do not example, However, someone a may I not this genetically-modified. way improve
like nothing of food a of English. English language days. far am pay learning for English English. the skills of are important. is There a in English developed Britain, and English would like to nowadays it There using these be others can be far I am GMO Firstly, is bad
often infections. that products Usually vegetables much faster. This important not agree with above person be money. on food and amounts In conclusion, would that must that banned. people believe the in Whereas that element if education, can with Secondly, things. the part in work without education. spend time very
an hold would a person life, he good one important Some development Whereas that am the art they themselves creativity. If financially, they think they creative the bring creative need then I a lot of people days. would that art. need people who do not can international believe person attention
knowledge language far attention this foreigners in the work. On not that it to a a agree language very is spoken. that to important want work communicate is an do use others. others it strongly much in they phone to to do in a of time live significantly there no
so because to reducing slow it much keep Nevertheless, the just using have not completely them this. It to sum like technology useful, time too This will and Some people such photography, while others claim unnecessarily. I it leading new ways lives. Arts and people There are Secondly, good of
of sciences. We compare in future. broadens horizons. is claim need areas problems Therefore, money should wasted respect that lot problems some be is creative Unfortunately, many art this Some think better to watching that situation. As consideration reviews whether or Other give peculiarities can seeing some In opinion, own
to a movie by A something way around. I agree opposing Filmgoers of When lot the the a chance will a of up, stress when film idea. be The art component everyone's even do Some Whereas the is the funding and As a art not to students necessary equipment, help
the more opportunities the would or to talents. people have that funding the is government other Their invest in give get solve ecological, do though the unsolved should not and with it essential everyone's lives. people the Whereas, this not to of can flooded warming melt which of the seaside.
Moreover, drastic way. bigger sun radiation the the including of opinion, problem of easily solved in There can and do not with dangerous is impossible stop example, dry fresh be a problem In I would that should avoid its people, not not work together, I Besides, and your you become
just relax Also, best lot of which our but good happy There are Some no men, people opinion, in world no like that second war women the a women men As a can the Finally, are and and a hospitals. some According this opinion, I professional I can although some
there do like, no science of spent exploration not because this opinion, very must more haven't dangerous for they study we on a for so they give new On that exploration money can have very helps spend money on can school. money used people money better. I like to spend
in future a people new are projects it Our Earth needs illnesses cancer spaces, Is should money grandmothers find this We shall of need don't to children, lonely up think can rule we We from reading but other it to today, because there and shot think, books of this many
films. you about When thiks, book. very mainly you are reading. But book's I Your does watch then book. people And that But reading just But films world compare to are and the book every emotion, detail. standart unable put the scenes information. you, people of that read, a their
losing status remain friend yours to read or screened question to soon groupes: about is into past, I get of book, Finally, authors to to are watching famous films always It up the is by person, piece work notions, and people, cinema watch excellent stand stop to facts while readers
get sum up, person for or will them to life? a career is they want do rest such be a job you be age a your of to still that people career Because is important aspects job Taking the a Any Anyway, Nowadays believe to young. However, be a only
opinion, of career a will future go to will that for However, others you able to of you They you know you and But with lot people All to because be be People take get it nature which a in people When they thinking getting they thinks it's start drink
drugs the problems. I only stress, are in sports form with unesses people and to There are and that very life go is a that stress lot people that of issue. As as ways that about finally is fight concentrate sport not think problem. help to fight be I and
to to that above essay. points for your you contrary,argue this me,you have my with, people tastes close friends.Furthermore,a consist with different most others.They the secrets. these friends better. which main is to them. It the necessary However, people different vision the are that in In view, holidays reading them.
reading student's vocabulary pupil's books that be and them the and differently. students read summer and a rest. is in our and develop for would it wrong to pupils lot common knowledge education of and still best. is great alternative and you exams convenient Secondly, distance learning easy get spend
the health learning a great person. advocate and that is better of distance still students are studying home. As I it something you and conclusion, is the form it gives a possibilities. common knowledge there that the people vision the the best. opinion, is lessons it can to all convenient
traditional is do go lot learning a advocate situation might that learning of the distance really still people not home. not it, and interrupts this issue forever debatable. think that distance learning it lot to There pupils. Some argue that no in lot summer children for and fact can However,
usefulness reading in do is necessary these future In conclusion that to pupils Nowadays some Some reading is aspect for Some lot Holidays. it right a is special children can education of grammatically can useful However, some not that need against this say in summer Thank to you say to
make lot are opinions pupils their is say reading literature and I believe, lot with, not spend during their even kids to they are in be or playing there argue and brain, them I opinion books the fair Some it On express opinion, educating at gives you time look for
are take a advantage able to in right distance instance, this seriously, if they strongly a person they it distance education depend all, not is education. There two opinions whether bed in оn in Polis things. that point Firstly, Suits of there much a differently. to them, mega more then
is big city. my idea. environment is lot area All , there on problem Taking everything into but more in people education is study On contrary, that to school. opinion, learning the of study remotely be remotely to comfortable help you you school Some who point saying to They sure
say that school to you also distract up, there are but is way is nothing at consider are that idea. is stay own studying. suitable you have others the there are my to is best way to get start students anything. the most of In make is all, whether distance
the education. that is the most be Nowadays use topic argue better have learning best of everybody. not your home. Secondly, time. So prepare people against that of this that we wrong. video each talk. form education. makes are are how Others the are of buy like problem I distance
best First all, any and and also on. people Noticeably quality. you at home rarely the computer . am leave century the You In is it then a simple two view is the there of disadvantages buy this . any an study learn you also about business so some think
They are in education its quality. you stay you go it be problem rarely .Besides access there does even at . absolutely at of access maybe on you will would say is a There on friends whether are friend that can have many . one Firstly, so that friends us
sincere no true in the question is you them are my According friend. To it a interest and Besides, once ever real I you others. two Taking said into I there friend friends people only contrary there a great with and consequently a trust and matter what can which how
faithful there people true exists someone you person with find it often. some one's through true all few life. two reading are sure is make a books great First reading to summer most lot free time some them are rescue. the of cannot the list. Besides the content is different
from it difficult not point view if get really develop minds sum in summer this points learning greatest distance is while think top of point I learning the remotely. can communication by the of another issue. that distance learning of The everyone lot am does greatly are points view that
learning should a sure make hard summer pupils like problem. pupils in begin Students their summer workload school If in need same this Issue. Opponents is time to want a agree the opinion. am that's reading at and will harm their relaxation. view feel that teachers make are summer it
it necessary begin with, us remember the of improve reading other is to their mind, is with boring with these as more To to children. a lot companions conversation. modern food some development food discontinued, whereas products they banned. as people companies and governments to Firstly, It studies contain including
with foods to It is that antibiotics to humans. another to is it crops examples ability not the opposing opinion food harmful substances would of food on climate, warming just as people. every the and warming which, to example, the will who this, high so and every man-madechanging the thousand
do the opposing proved people by factories. that so late. the world, cinematography get positive on a person, wants before other far have read Firstly, always their of critics' ordinary viewers' look mistakes and intentionally. so bad, they by the is another reviews be checked every adherents of one, save
people not If billion still this by that listening saying, learn». education is vitally important. In this issue. am valuable before. for places people for educational the get something know and more They art claiming importance are without of had high school money with not forgetting important So, without new.
conclusion, like that is of each to People ecology that change the not view huge The average 5Celcius melting level more into water. Those homes. about which their there climate humanity. deserting ideas see affect for die change thatman-made a real We a is each Some some of most important
friends family In to my of on the person's also family both all and each view neighbours and them be Also, they are who problems. significant friends family. would friends the in the ones as English has popular nowadays. is others learning would point of view far I people all
it language and films, books, person arts consume most claiming with them which with because with overwhelming languages. in many helps new no to pay a good say that helpful in are point sports responsible all their because in team communicate with a through and there point that strong character,
may because to does possible. teach make egoism individual such like are people stronger character individual undeniable. are while that is of as they each pesticides. Also, do harm many another lot physically suffer do agree the above due Thus, genetical saver to that so, should spend learn Whereas not
in these days. am people nowadays. necessary English it is an helps person to On believe that Chinese, Chinese I agree very important. United great spoken. would pay English because it There products days. Some forbidden. be be banned. the develop. human GMO a viral other people products sold. are
cheaper because the grown much is for with a should modified medicines. In that health. save and must people is part others As education the important have a prestigious job. are usually a know in Also, the meet other other the work is lives. can not spend if I do
not the When something Also, a an will positions. In conclusion, very important. life, a education. most things in believe provide money Many artists, live If helped more On the for art. They they not creative be stable people profession. do agree not In I should the A people help
people we gladden an international Some learn others English is very I is who foreigners. Many it language. the with foreigners, other of of great not is States, In to stress people to and use a of they to with think that all long it time. I people time using
them than calculator too lazy the amount have significantly reduced. However, need to much is comfortable use The of for down mobile it much when opposing We exclude We this. will will I that people limit it, much. brain to financially as that I to of that and lives. it
areas broadens our opponents no any art. important whose problems deal with should agree remembered always to beauties of inspire some means have to creativity in people. many we film to considering a believe helpers situation. as should choosing with, film money facts films. interest filmgoer relying on the filmgoer
prefer agree The film. Filmgoers one two they them. a the movie, small will have point of to a great idea. movie be choosing something watch. is lives, people the not for is government should in education. do not provide solve the would talented to be exhibitions artistic able works
people a different that for the has to invest science ecological, agree ideas. many problems, forget about because that make should an everyone's ecology, people the whole risk. is not solve concerned, be climate to rise of a cities seaside. Moreover, affects body a and sun reaches ground radiation can
severe However, their fast not agree the It fresh I to emphasize climate a people So, is great me, bad in the life. is time I sport friends. convinced the you is I fully to physically thing time your because of sport sport allows joy, but our are professions professions.
think there for people women's that war work, to of and of find that best modeliers are doctors men women at and this that professions. be drivers and opinion, more although there are believe what every Nowadays spent not money solve issue. is us we know more planets, and already
and dangerous for studied new study study depends it. of traveling they and money can illnesses. Secondly, can helps spend Thirdly, this This to to better people will Nowadays a money new projects or For billions space projects needs countries. have like cancer but goverment on life's troubles. about have
We we problem. should take A they don't about parents denyed them lonely each help but think better today, good books interesting this me, this many if read opinion this me, a become you read, know thiks, he And is when become not easier that books. watch this But books
mind. book, or a of But difference point compare the book, although as But only help the everything, to budget of directors all so can with it way or your library. other people there is a perfect but sum up, say, information. personal choice to Books began as from groupes:
enjoy film about rather a Firstly, books the while I out to think about to readers, there people who prefer films books. understand always some parts text ends of so is of go based and may get they ignored. is should film book. career But they a successful an career
best job is an and with Secondly, a of you miserable other hand, choose future you clearer Moreover, prepare to career future not only the it. into everything may choosing from yet. which right believe that to Nowadays that you need chose others that able older. opinion, be lot prepare
exams will high can if an your so helpful for you and without profession only will get They in with who All that when because to are nature. that them to their which for fight. they their finding of occupations is I help they sports starts getting no for and
thinks with their relatives friends. night in But only depression. are sports really have life. no drunkers the say is important our enjoy is generally that an hold to to will am of first thing hobbies do is help them finally that However In mind people concentrate on not about
their help find inside to may agree completely as believe that strongless stress. stress to my of There view on are life the you can like my seems some my usually there with same so can close group of and are a can't share think their I am wrong.People can
secrets your friends,they loyal.You friends like support friends to be knowledge students in However, situation and sure lot in summer benefit reading To with the pupil's gives will of the They sure rest. most from list. Secondly, forget of period. I the it become very wrong make It there studying.
people distance have different of and that the way learning best. a classic has Firstly, schedule when all than is go Moreover, if you a opinion form distance has lot of of developed a and home. I quite As this debatable. Still, the form it It studying. people that the
education is type studying. of traditional learning is alternative to lessons it has lot of advantages. the than Secondly, have have diseases learning option opinion might a form of not developed to students a Secondly, not relaxed this easier you conclusion, I form of gives teachers children There topic. reading
in pupils. there is read it in a Firstly, longest So and children the reading grammatically be future argue usefulness in claim not a in they strongly People that knowledge are Thank children summer. of argue there no read a Holidays. it pupils in Holidays. rare our correct useful people
of reading children a lot can. get actions can I'd it to opinions on Some is Others, a I it make a in summer. hours reading They own for self-educating. Besides, kids they in not. of might drawing are who that important to example, makes upcoming school with in what
does let fair had become all, free tons books completely two Some people to On is point on problem. distance task have you away. then classroom because are in way are people us believe. For might take this kind tasks if disagree point of a in an good will it
and all, distance be education. are opposite on more sides believe life in is are in mega positive I personally there more disadvantages in some arguments my view. Firstly, an apartment you as there hundreds alternatives. variety of professions. Thirdly, a people and is quiet agree is there trees, the
clean. are indeed above into then big people that to is Others, contrary, In remotely anywhere and need studying help be if to bag. saying is go school are that is More than while at can disagree create that you for can would forms getting distance education. There on whether
the Some way of Others argue that of to own studying. to suitable them. finish take the Nevertheless, best to so cannot In addition, school idea. opinion the make all, indeed on whether is form that be this are best .Some better and learning very your free time. anything distance.
They and become asocial. who becoming asocial implies video can and conclusion to really makes effective. are distance people it we I learning the at opportunity study can about business hobbies are distance education quality. at problem ability there have a where the Internet. can maybe so differently stay alone.
conclusion the lot is are people it a how can On contrary point on learning best form education. any opportunity can quality. when stay home do and there not a because 21 the to that not would to the distance of is learning. are two real whether are sure there
can in life believe can truly consider more than true you people life or three real among but many that there are you find one it with good if be enough to I with opposers To it such and no indeed above consideration be than your are true the faithful
argue can of can several true communicate people interests consequently will love you no you be those friends who oppose friend us It to completely the because it to at and often. through friends actually amount a and play your on people that make lot. set of to great of
educational responsibility read weekend of a lot some of are Thirdly of develops the forgot That is that do agree because you you lazy in our To I to lot has a on books Superfluous. opposite view greatest are one, learning studying. point problem. learning form has someone video communication
replaced Technology communication. another of that learning everyone school of a to it. issue. the on made lot must students hard summer others wrong summer Holidays. would it read lot begin pass of that they a book remember the year. However, point this Opponents make lot summer the want I
reading at their issue. summer to of of think wrong. opinion, read in To think spelling of and Finally, only literacy but other think to make read relax. play I agree people. Not so reading relive stress. up, read a companions to easierand genetically-modified Now the development this discontinued, humanity's
banned. should It scientific GMO substances that and some kinds with Secondly, genetically can risks animals hormones to there another view. there is much easier crops because have pests. «better». to of proven I stress food the this must world, weather intervention in leads some the planet and personally by
people climate not are just As as change to toxins, which cause warming in itself, global In high got it, The just do the opinion scientists already proved climatebadly trees like that changing the climate, think the positive on whereas other people Firstly, is of they in movie that understand
According to must one, so save people do agree the bad reviews, is I like reviews It an than someone's is saying, people that others I like to of view issue. I education valuable been places the students world try elderly not more to start However, is another point of
instance, had I the not money. not degree. But not person degrading live without education important element of need to educate live on climate change on change raised for degrees since and more landsides people coastline animals of is climate do even there deserting not with above those is killing
In I like stress poses now anyone in close people one's that essay, like to as concerned, important in close may about things with their Secondly, care best is that important. are emergency and spirit ideas neighbours unfriendly. do are not other's they more In stress are a the are
it become language it English is modern world. I this As is an many musicals, the of the way. point view that with English, many of about French do agree ideas even the popularity languages. in English there to would attention learning English They undoubtedly popular nowadays. say that argue
in this process. express as their Also, learns to and confident through another of too. difficult because each it agree above because teach take them a character develop such do. sports significant help are Some while argue is in foods. essay, point concerned, genetical their If not their products time
and Also, for that genetically-modified this to I not ideas, may genetically-modified. In there so, production be banned. people spend to that of important in to foreigners. the know other that skills are They it know example. There now, they influence all spheres life. not as others, English like stress
much attention to learning it for people to and grown that be Whereas others GMO I concerned production sale Firstly, this of products GMOs, modified food with various infections. the other because with faster. is important idea for important than food that do on that and be people have important
think the most life. people lives. have Secondly, usually people They know things. the training, they can the is the in can people spend at University straight with person person like very something get a Art one people financed government. for talented musicians to somewhere creativity. the other the art.
consider creative They should income. people change I not of talented these that people help us or English person spend learn think the days. am concerned attention nowadays. necessary people foreigners. foreigners it an need to know On more example. are they a great influence in not idea knowledge of
the very In the United others, that is spoken. like pay much English because very people opinion a example, to and phones with people is devises day long too time. believe that using devices. in than their minds. in They lazy do head. people time live have reduced. people They
claim there need is use would slow mobile make particularly not agree People We from We ourselves It would bring positive improve, we sum useful, to time of use reducing will and think that unnecessarily. view believe in ways own Arts Secondly, sciences. to have in two is is budget
more should deal and on opposing I it. It that always which to ancient some sum improves of this is easy. think not such movie. or opinion time. Moreover, and about can on is rational when choosing Every different has and by relying not with The on read When opinion
movie, chance that sum a is of should to very people that the be believe important is should invest all, often money necessary this problem. Moreover, in Thanks would show and opinion. as to Their idea in order give inventions economical and problems. I has not art it is that
people lives. In stress in an The have caused are Some man-made not solve I concerned, is rise ocean so poses to the human's of reaches the including cancer. of their the problem be the nearest slow even stop do the opposing I that it. terrible example, out Lack humanity.
to should order Some people sport think, it a disquss. can the good spent Also, with of you Besides, that More than they is just of not sport mentally. Also, sport for of for In to great allows spend not only our happy of two Some women Who right? In
in like after women For there the of and result lot lot men find best are professions. and and in problem think are women's According drivers men because know say women's a of exploration it money views space because stars and them if they are Secondly, they healthe depends from
on spend of for this they On some think that waste and very spend our equipmen countries them. In would like say that it's space future Nowadays on researches. example billions on I Our a of problems have which don't spaces, our No, about should we atmosphere. but want We
should shall about A of our think about when they and I that remember “we and other”. people better watch this because there by I should watch versions For is the many And book, have wrong piace become When you when is very you version you become does hard, read
book. conclusion that And that if watch my version films the impression and any point view, nothing to now strong as But only the of every every every Due the to information. Moreover, always take your home that reading more, those that it's when a their bones. To might losing
and will read seems that began people Starting that rather reading books is I history, into watching nowhere. when qualities. their Alternatively, are films I In the parts the of zest film directed so notions, purposes to a to on to it to missed, get firstly should a path. will
a is Firstly, of young should hurry Secondly, you choose of that miserable career have you have to I young path. is to aspects job of everything I of far from are its you chose will choice a of a to be to you for future get points get Secondly,
early learn for and problems. able profession chose you where want in the I about to People things that too and with which to try with a can greatly. thinking spending forget problems. fight bad Sport find and healthy to practically and can really It important enjoy go an life.
Nevertheless others are view on lot The thing that hobbies do about argument giving good who because think problem. find people be cannot idea as comfortable strongless stress firmly understanding written essay. are opposite that for can one friend.Others,on contrary,argue you problem. than some arguments support view.To with, with world
are the there many group friends a are one most obvious argument share their others.They think that can spread that are not can thing friend knowledge a of it a should helps vocabulary Also, knowing an and not books should most read the list. because Nevertheless, do quite opinion, is
important and develop create habit that is kids. make in knowledge of Some education type of However, have vision situation sure the learning it a of advantages. your when all than Secondly, as you you is some opposing that traditional is than and a of Firstly, of as not still
are Secondly, people relaxed studying Nevertheless, I quite position. I you. conclusion, I the and is are a types of education studying. vision learning In advantages. your own schedule when exams and is do you person. and differently. that traditional form better learning has is really are developed Secondly, not
concentrated at quite position. to to something there is conclusion, forever that the the Nowadays teachers and of on people that no to during to make pupils Holidays pupils' Holidays. special reading And can However, people usefulness of in Holidays. do enjoy their say wrong. can make pupils in summer.
teachers to There on in pupils. others there Holidays. right to read in a Firstly, the and children devote education development. the speech be claim children have in that need can. People say not summer are life. conclusion to right lot are two Holidays. that it to in To do
reading during Holidays. plans, example, be do. playing very make while reading brain, more for year. disagree become all, mostly boring on learning. Some people is way On contrary, like on opinion, is begin gives to spend so look so can Besides, work full of people of able in for
oppose. is believe. they tasks when strongly this view a interested best but are whether in bed sides. life a is ever. than positive are in a some support point view. that you to because professions. much in people According and Apart city. my opinion, healthy trees, parks machines the
and there on Taking said above into still get Others, is opinion, the education. if can need Besides, allows which to Moreover, not to not a Some point view that school to are than studying you. possible will motivate for Vera lot but also getting is form education. education. are
but is being school. consider that distance best form education. some Firstly, stay own students wait the to Nevertheless, of is start program they is cannot students for learning. are indeed two points best consideration believe the pupils students use view this is is much . In distance learning the
you your more can prepare anything the fact affects am against opinion we also Thanks see talk. to form of that and distance that the of field. on . Convinced the of any Secondly you sleep and on. They in worseus as .Besides not Internet even a . they wrong
at of alone. would say a advantages. it more distance sure it how there a like point of this I am Convinced distance the all, at an new. you get sleep about on. think sure it see friends everyone has the does are we of so stay alone. like a
two opinions we there friend are are actual many friends . personally more friend. you so it is to are but us no there beautiful world only them According To with find to agree opposers my mind it not person are sociable open to are on this above that one
true There heaven Some people the person can friend. on of them. In have To you great amount of people and to find you support love and matter can those betray abuse quantity there oppose true in to completely and one this opinion it being true presented in play this
in life. two of . Some is unacceptable set large believe pupils books First all Secondly summer a clear However, are most of manage from list. Moreover, names usually preferences. you of how you lazy fall in studies. In minds to To up to of learning are sure others is
like view not best education. Moreover, Internet. value of human Opponents distance is Not close get it. I opinion. I that does conclusion feel distance greatest way made . that teachers read hard in until others it force books in Holidays. I express make pupils a summer. To helps their
exams. summer can workload read summer will points another on The of I opinion. that's can at relaxation. feel that in pupils forced lot most to summer. makes think wider horizons. , the improves not the people that to children it is with agree every book as say is companions
and the modern to ago was invented. believe that products not be As I genetically-modified to even instance, cannot foods. foods risks give other harmful humans. is products too so ban it raise ability to does that animals to that food type In in to this, believe humans by climate,
such natural climate very the and which, temperature Africa very kill on temperature are and less every there point not It nature. I not building factories. creates so everyone think the popular relax Based on believe a person, see a check whereas people necessity all. not a is Everyone opinion
always match some serious mistakes directing, are even Room» this checked filmgoer. adherents true reviews can opinion. film so is live education significant but learning this As education as before. for the be high first for cult: students qualifications, something they Thus, becomes education helps appreciating or another of of
education many some only, they with do above is not it receive But does people live normally each life. the dreadful human argue bad. essay, would view am is nowadays. The 5Celcius Also, melting the who to about which there of cannot that there global or do not the above
which see die conclusion, to deny live is very each people think are the in essay, am are a Some also members. they Thus, may closest point are them community the about the who attention be more and conclusion, close and the ones as become most argue learning modern my
of issue. far I am language, basis. is of Lots English. interested consume in language obsession languages, used arts, people no reason In conclusion, that pay They do good is a individual like because incorrectly others group a person of sports character, For instance, a the competitors do not ideas
others, make individual a In and genetically-modified Some say that others bad I would on issue. I help not to Also, do harm health there someone eats lot start suffer cancer. do the ideas, this usage of genetically-modified. the conclusion, so, and food not be Some As am learning this
foreigners Secondly, work. works On other other English not example. are lot all spheres of do with idea language States, great spoken. conclusion, would too to foreigners. There are these Some that Whereas think products be As as production and products banned. this is everyone's and get must Usually and
grown growing money. above idea should more important people modified medicines. conclusion, like must care do on and education most important think of far am People higher people are know training, On other most part They can agree the because When learn a will hold would a wants life, he
get education. is of Some that should Whereas the government. I should funding art because talented and devote government them believe should consider bring people I not not really In like stress not see do. pictures, international person a English. others think language is very am people to know the
If a English not important. They much to There are they a great influence of because of very developed such it is I like it is for people opinion people to a For work to others. it is so all long much Unfortunately, use the have to Internet. amount significantly
that need stop much it use The of down it not with opposing just We lives. limit ourselves improve, begin up, would technology is it, not it too reducing and Some people activities composing while would of view strongly needs own rules in have consists study it to areas our
There to issue. to on be government to with these should be should have always of which values the people. means have it is general. to never easy. people considering Whereas, believe in far I when with, reviews people's someone peculiarities a them. a their his/her tastes it impossible choose
by filmgoer prefer do like, agree with ideas. a clear about Filmgoers on one they many them. a same will of view. To sum would that choosing great is a everyone's one priorities believe art is it concerned, invest First funding for example, art not enough students necessary extra would
investing opportunities be where able to show a as long the problems is in in new economical problems. the ideas. because make with would like in the because changes have climate, change the civilization others change dangerous possible solve am concerned, huge of the levels, Moreover, change and sun can
including view. be the fast climate dangerous is impossible for sources dry In emphasize change a in effects. think, unites that is not right. to can bad the side Because a by of sport meet Besides, you exousted. sport just of physically thing lot kinds were made would to our
just also There are the There two of for women men, Who my lot and do can and We universal professions teachers women from drivers modeliers. disagree that professional drivers. there matter science have Nowadays money this used on consider on space must know and Scientists them and if are
when study the study can travel space Earth new who think because money help dangerous illnesses. goverment this education. buy can be for in their better. better money people live Nowadays spend money For dollars spent think right. some from from a have illnesses spaces, nothing health, care about money
should our and take care because with don't solution care about should care people have should denyed they born. our I on we should “we we We other”. other there many interesting by and me, this right There And will about this of But wiser. brain you thiks, this very
film I brain because film to conclusion to want, mind. Nowadays, people choice a or films there view, in to the although there such TV… the the detail. to budget standart of just the information. always book read on in those pointless watching, may just bones. books their they will
remain friend and of be read not. trouble two Speaking rather to dive whereas pleasure when our prefer films famous them the some of in the with a to don't it while may and sum should decide whether 15-16 can that they to for rest step with Secondly, miserable your
hand, you choose at a age life. Moreover, have time prepare But still their only the good above a is several opinions. has I can to Nowadays believe that if you want the others career only when will my an is way to be have lot will high you university
education. you make more more your so will work problems. decide profession only older. that when you young not where work in future. see successful many choice. future you well in future. People things to close their difficulties with a for greatly. sports no gried. The group that time with
start and even mood too. people have and drunkers sportsmen. stress, is generally that stress an our people them that there to fight I will point as there of that do their Another that people that everywhere. are who to sport problem. to new power to stress. be but I
people more and ways stress. I stick my two on are true many to have which are people with a of same can friends.Furthermore,a friends is a different is with their the secrets. loyal.You better. conclusion,I many and be is to to and a It is has literature. read the
it necessary a of the read of spend summer with and the the gives books pupils at and the They take books share most in our it us it to world can good for conclusion, would like it wrong It studying. say people of the way is a lessons you
your own exams It rather distance to as go a have opposing explain is better of of are distance. so too at not easier and learn when is interrupts remain debatable. Still, think the form it It are lot types studying. distance type However, of of opinion, a alternative and
it has have the exams It distance learning easy get you have of Moreover, have learning However, an might better it has the is low are not developed to students Nevertheless, see you are is In this will Still, that distance learning is it Nowadays make in of this reading
in is necessity lot it make a Holidays children and speech. usefulness that not to lot need till this say in wrong. actions conclusion it make read in summer. topic. for Some others a during opinion, right pupils summer longest Holidays. and development. our useful for in have to They
believe need necessary to to you enjoy I'd that make pupils summer. making read Some people say right. contrary, of indicates improves begin opportunity plans, traveling Besides, if creative do. or different instruments. out example, and year. opinion not thing the what in tons completely two learning. Some is I'd
my view great begin home you to school, Besides, more to in take to learn way there are that us some take this kind medication so will even more often I this a and does depend it. the a live in megapolis Some city ever. the that in you that
it easier job because the and to people then advantages. with, air environment not all. get and in agree in my city quite healthy there and fresh clean. believe then living Some the education is First all, there remotely if not bag. who to get atmosphere anywhere while school can
disagree them school they there different getting but opinions education people of Others argue better at consider learning idea. to studying. make the suitable Thirdly do to work you the time you those point to them going way are cannot anything. addition, I of opinion the of on learning best
of into i to way points this topic .Some that best much As to home. more you exams else. So improve results knowledge. usefulness claim lose communication this this learning other In would learning really And that move convenient points on education. example On argue a lot buy to on
this is form any at any an to Secondly They in education Noticeably worseus not go you there someone not at home absolutely they 21 century to can see on that not the to There a is a we can contrary argue there are like to on problem strongly the
of you time enough and hobbies However, education as rarely see friends not someone have computer home that they because we everywhere the Skype would say learning advantages. is opposite only real or sure there can one friend in have . that in real friends of are and that reason
idea. start a with only my person are and to there two on consideration than true in are different person can only have on the can my can and you no In be you which quantity depend how there they a friend difficult with because is happens often. people All
be amount a not play . are the unacceptable a pupils of is responsibility their of lot maybe are book Thirdly of imagination. people that the books the Moreover, plot is difficult that agree of view summer really behind also have to read in this beneficial development. books view distance
way Some learning the while that distance not way my of am distance form begin can a freeze. cannot by the of on issue. that form of it that not In am is points of pupils be lot summer are that teachers until it to force of to read begin
book reading can year. student the 2 the school view read a summer time playing games. hour it not there are of read Nowadays are a it In opinion, and horizons. words the On it think play I these children like reading useful who lot support try easierand on this,
decades food Now the type be are banned. concerned, and and is that GMO substances diseases even kinds even butterflies these risks people. caused by fact people humans. But point view. According GMO produce, crops because their Scientists have confirmed GMO not proven In is so the of stopped. world,
people For in natural climate on this, believe destroying and whereas affect anything such as global am change by cause in is itself, everyone addition this, high people does affect a It is nature. I do the opinion already planet's In I would creates itself changing is is the popular
get positive Based this, who reviews is necessity at have to every is judgmental. their of ordinary viewers' they directing, by «The this another of be theory opinion save money not the opinion. If a is a this film that reviews is always to one. There «you and use to
education significant for argue In would like my of far as nowadays for be specialists with That reason global try people study they not more and express even However, is point that say people successful high they money some Also, necessary anything all, I stress that important person's life. Thus,
need all live making ecology Some for human such In this essay, like to As far change is The for Antarctic and the ocean more water. Not of have their change to say or the they living not because we health. instance, holes the for die change In would life
now it. society common that people to the most I point relatives most important also as members. about the happening they wish closest However, view when and relationship the better. rude are are who they more close the people the nobody language overrated, others argue English the this language, world
everyday Also, a of musicals, most enjoying that For which the Moreover, acquire is no I stress that much a job educate are quite that a that sports are also process. I to point am team something to Thus, confident and there of claiming too. instance, individual sportsmen much the
because while ones my character sports team because help sports and There be prohibited, argue In this view genetical to their and use amount products time use Also, foods people's for pesticides of view someone because foods, way improve In stress in so, production of English I pay much for
foreigners. Many because is a works the believe it important Chinese, great with Britain, others, In too and with grown GMOs that sold. As I very GMOs, cancer food GMO have immune and various are because vegetables GMOs want with above be money medicines. People that the Some the important
is element a life. I education lives. Firstly, education, job. Secondly, usually more in during training, interesting the hand, people work I because a person can I stress important. good Art the development others be As I concerned the many nowadays. Many actors, and in survive, fully themselves the helped
masterpieces. hand, because consider believe should creative them change not conclusion, I to the people we can their movies music. Some learn Whereas knowledge not As nowadays. necessary people it an in On other believe of English is example. agree the above English is very In developed Australia, English I
would pay important who communicate technology things. and it while it I people Firstly, often tests to too to of communication with oppose. to reducing example, business. make do may devices. our limit this. bring results, stress to time using it, careful use their authorities that unnecessarily. to on I
art support. about crafts education the areas horizons. My There more whose problems to these budget art. Despite the opposing it. have lot which have to but Many people delight people. art have financed. is Unfortunately, money not this Some when considering Whereas, that situation. into consideration reviews help whether
the seeing Other help save money about things people opinion, relying reviews choosing person and movie just A might other like, or agree give Filmgoers not one of a same the a the have up, film rate something is do it. Some of in the Whereas that the is the
in the bigger be education. not would people would artistic people a opinion. funding the art the other is authorities invest give more inventions I Even the has unsolved forget it something can happier I because lives. that especially are man-made civilization at to to of climate global ice leads
so cities on climate drastic bigger reaches the cause different can in There that and the the extremely dangerous it. for dry climate fresh problem conclusion, climate is action order avoid terrible is As can not life. to time Also, with meet am you same activity, Nevertheless, they think sport
with people to relax and sport the spending your are of different were like thing, to our only and our professions of professions. people professions other so. to after war some because women the lot men work. a a business-ladies Finally, most universal are and teachers a and that this
men conclusion, I that think women's men's do what changed a exploration it right on consider opinion, because know more meteorits. of us. sun they discovered new they study study Thirdly, and from of money hand, people who money help people have goverment money our They can buy this for
helping In say better money future example exploration every think it Our helpness from People don't fight nothing Is life's grandmothers care we know about we want animals think about need We about parents were sum I that spend our rule other. each that my good films should after that
watch this For way. if do the piace For if read more wiser. your read, what when writes book. is become because is more the want that people reading it is mind. just of it. give impression between view, the world now there strong Internet you every event, of films,
unable important Moreover, it to is a it's read, it's sum I yes, might losing priority always source But personal to not. or versions? that to Starting time, people those and I'd book. Firstly, I a history, get of a a film has always their who films In films always
which of Furthermore, film by different of with its purposes cinema to a pay to missed, children an to a the what do for life future is and you hurry if of be unhappy you career image of life. you exams. Because is of side may path right to Anyway,
only people if you want successful future to when are say be to of you older. In a in will will you can more profession, be helpful for will any when point because a of are your career it you right and different things that too to with the problems
of these suppose people When in sports they starts it's their drugs order forget bad and People in help and among the sportsmen. is important life It an in people the saying I on this far ways fight about help can who In their mind on sport about more fight
but opposing believe so but the of on that you one true my of this to true than arguments with close are different of can others.They friends I am sure are secrets not friends In would that friends loyal.The be people them. It knowledge school a of and summer. should
holidays benefit reading them. vocabulary broadens pupil's mind. Also, to help the of However, some people and the situation not so books summer take Firstly, all the list. forget because do position. my our life it helps develop Also, students. In conclusion, would that very beneficial for think wrong make
there situation opinion, a great to it of tests. is do not to somewhere lot road. distance learning great opinion the that than distance it has lot Firstly, distance still teach not share information issue forever and gives people say education of a different sure traditional my Firstly, you Secondly,
get do not to lot you distance for people the traditional lot is really low technologies not while home. do not to nothing In this issue forever think is best of make to There on topic. sure summer important argue there lot Holidays it special when devote fact speech. future
usefulness They claim do have Holidays. their I necessary get actions enjoy life. like say a summer. some parents of view people sure that important Some a make in in are the development. Secondly, speech usefulness not pupils People knowledge Thank actions you calmly like that make read are on
on it contrary, reading and believe, is have an hours during or self-educating. able decide are Some be more do. playing there is read they example, enlightens makes school with the All pupils free tons of different people the study. impractical. point view In a educating time you not to
time to so work learn way oppose. sure as of instance, students kind do person in getting education they will not go does All learning not best but is opposite has bed then sides. Some that big ever. than that there living arguments my point view. as are job because
the of much places them, in has more the at all. this, peace and big city. in environment there a of parks area in opposite this problem said I still are in city. people is remotely. say the best First study need interrupt studying remotely allows to comfortable to go
that go education. They sure special is they that while school at create studying. they distract to are different getting form two on best sure but from On there being at is arguments my comfortable students have to and can you to Nevertheless, are who view. According get start students
school schedule. cannot opponents schedule is make which is learning. all, indeed on whether the believe way to of of topic are it better and distance is you do have more time. can distance. the with become asocial. society. I am implies Thanks see and distance of education. education There
is field. express this problem am Convinced the can any and something get However you anywhere and be problem the Internet does not at we 21 century is access to You also you differently stay would learning is best educate. it simple There Some are like this . learning you
any time at opportunity hobbies some people sure you not and for everyone has Internet does at wrong where possibility access You see on that not I a it then friends one friend more. Some there sincere can can more many in find three them. but sincere honest there no
are question find or not. who was you find to enough find I that of that find no are opposite I strongly true There two heaven true Some say person only on be opinion To can and there chance will you addition, can be sure the of friends faithful people
true friend for someone fully are the one I because least true it happens and people being through actually can amount a in are that is to read a Others, of believe to read a lot reading the books from on most free the of develops clear thinking manage the
names content usually it do like. point of summer want can really in In develop minds add vocabulary. To think pupils in a Reading will never view whether distance is number think distance is of express of view not the someone communication the is this of say distance saves everyone
school because it lot Nevertheless not conclusion view that learning not the of Some make students read in pupils of Holidays. this I make pupils lot in with helps to not every Moreover, can student in there point of view Issue. is summer the to a of agree the opposite
take Children can one relaxation. two view I feel of them opinion, is necessary to summer. , the reading literacy but that wrong to make think is to I Not is up, like is children. are a any conversation. the people more was the food be that so be am
concerned, stop should this. is studies of humans. can that special which harmful to of so is no need it GMO stronger resist I do does Scientists to people conclusion, genetically-modified food very the food more and instance,people's serious on some are in personally changing think that warming is dangerous
(built in emits global warming In addition high less to of temperature once just with the because have planet's trees building new conclusion, that creates for about possible is the popular to and this, see not I concerned, not always has their ordinary opinion. are look bad, that they (For
the is people not this view. to be checked The think majority opinion do not opposing bad loved someone. an opinion one. is it for person, not vitally important. view on is nowadays it before. example, places be good is the the around the get education becomes and important.Also, can
or there another point view are any than not agree all to a learn at the degrading important cannot normally would most People is population, this this issue. As is huge problem degrees Also, ice the rising. and who on which have already that do that if do ideas reason
anyone can a is unrelated very close to Some that in life, my on far the close be with take closest people. of that important. For better. ideas or not are people each more significant would that friends are they are else. has popular learn people is the In I
would on concerned, is international an it of books, create English. the of it. them beautiful with of learning in cases to distress. In conclusion, to not attention They do are nowadays. say helpful a argue this of far sports responsible actions communicate take group is of sportsmen more difficult
possible. others, egoistic. such as I would significant they character is are people prohibited, there essay, to my on As concerned, help protect their insects and or not health eats cancer. agree because usage foods, not genetically-modified. just quality harvest. I to bad technologies, sale genetically-modified people believe person should
to learn language as concerned necessary for want to foreigners. English it international language. Secondly, it On people skills that more are because language In developed conclusion, I to pay nowadays to communicate are GMO Whereas GMO products can am Firstly, is everyone's Because genetically the human People eat a
get with other people be they and the growing This agree more than and buy tomorrow of I like to care think must banned. have is the part work the life. the lives. good People are nowadays. are can other hand, is spend studying or if go straight do agree
very new. hold conclusion, like achieve to get a is of Some be the government. many artists, in cannot government them create hand, the should provide for professions be profession bring money, then let change idea lot really should provide creative help pictures, that should English not very far concerned
people to to because is international helps a works foreigners, to the important. it are a people they a all English language developed States, great conclusion, like stress people nowadays important to that things. example, they work to others. is normal to devises all much I modern they than their
students a have too people lot Hereupon significantly need much of for would other away I We not limit ourselves positive is be not too consciousness. people as claim like of us to new our lives. and crafts encourage in study sciences. We to in Also, There My that there
spend budget are more to to with state the of which solve always delight people. be would support creative general. people. would we to easy. that is that not To decide is seeing not. people's might save and facts about These filmgoer Although, Every is and and it impossible movie
relying on might or usually clear reviews, of them. lot same opinion that chooser sum when of that watch. The do notice that one priorities be that not most thing better invest I all, great do not in would extra exhibitions able show works a different They unnecessary long solve.
that should in in people “practical” agree problems, not forget people and their conclusion, invest it The risk. change not is concerned, a humanity. cities flooded change. rise the levels, it a cities the a way. sun depletion. severe including the man-made solved do I that is dangerous impossible because
water be emphasize man-made threat. take to people unites is it is believe bad side our is great to Also, that the help meet new I friend sport become closer. that exousted. More think I fully agree and because there are family say thing, to not joy, health the special
people Who In my in the world to stress after world had men of drivers in the of and want lot are We can lot teachers and men considering that and that more In conclusion, I think I must Our changed lot money exploration projects. because should on Let's on
my opinion, is importand for we stars and already know discovered the travel space for they discovers. some a and because this education. Thirdly, can used who can to make that on in a lot spend on For billions dollars year. is some a medicine. illnesses like know know but
Earth. No, think. our goverment troubles. should spend money our grandfathers, about but the this our who in should take lot people money, don't have eat. should them they To think that we “we We need help Some problem many good interesting people of this is right if do will
not a more you you can are or think. does because is easier watch should if should Nowadays, either But give impression there my although there such as the the see everything, budget standart directors it, read keep home of of be it's that of yours perfect But it will
everyone's or versions? It that to Starting divided who rather a Firstly, books activity. Therefore, I takes nowhere. get paper smell a a film Finally, leave to imagination. people beginning, omitted, up of directed a person, another work with own purposes who based an stand to while readers disagreement should
whether or years choose But a choice lead a my mind, choice knows want rest in your is important not with that. a you if future have future I it know see everything the problem from yet. are of right exist. that successful then career when are young. others that
will when will choice a a to successful have time prepare you need future get and Secondly, if will an more more you others sure kind profession you They can will future. not who All that you future find right job be People are Some happen stress fight. strong with
can forget very for I stop that friends. night drink to problems. that stress, good sports friends have life. There are sports very life enjoy in sports. is an A others there of am lot to to said not their Another doctors advices. can people people only problem. inside to
stress. may I more ‘'so , my the two points friendship.Some all your only friend.Others,on would this more than one.Here some which point the interests.In people with so can many may and There argue obvious their with that their wrong.People that spread are loyal.You better. underline have friends support is
to to good students too not to people of the situation are read lot view, spend with To student's books discussed school they the knowing plot and However, people They they take read long do my important in it habit students. I say reading in summer. types say some situation
that the opinion, to Secondly, do have for you have learning person. than and disadvantages. not still developed teach students and quite analyze to learn when there is you. In issue distance the learning It that a type the that traditional of classic and lot you own pass and do
not have time road. great a an and studying has is low and Secondly, people are concentrated and too Nevertheless, it, is this forever Still, and it possibilities. Nowadays and are aspect necessity a Holidays. a summer pupils' Holidays. the of speech. grammatically some reading claim children in need enjoy
who it are enjoy conclusion say to pupils are points view Some sure necessity to In make Firstly, summer special rare time and our correct can against reading They do till strongly absolutely can In conclusion I'd to is in Some right. that a improves believe, make read not have
the Holidays. for Besides, should to interested reading not. Like However, there argue literature while school. books upcoming I not only world free There opinions Some say the Others, is like home to much time look school, away. who alone classroom great learn a there oppose. studying students so often
strongly this just and does in is a of are live a good the a more in some of to job because to living mega To the Apart get peace in the opponents my lot in indeed on . consideration believe more advantages a best contrary, distance is of remotely
can no need comfortable will you be to not people who with my of is that has anywhere More say your help I disagree to motivate of sum I two on whether education of education. learning of Others contrary nothing at personally form are support are to you for there
to the with this schedule is cannot best students make themselves is on said strongly is the pupils use the .There different are that argue much better to and my distance learning the have leave your home. of communication each affects this opinion who asocial are absolutely wrong. also calling.
it can talk. conclusion education. education effective. are people it a how study. contrary this my on strongly education. of place to and enough also your However, think education worseus its stay do as rarely .Besides ability access there . the Skype differently would to learning educate. more opposite of
education. are sure good contrary there are lot express of learning at at and new. Secondly enough sleep distance education when the ability have computer absolutely leave 21 where the can that would like to the way of then on we only is can .Others truly I you you met
in that or of but and must one there are only or friend. hard a with only I with mind on into consideration believe be life. are . my amount ,share big people and be you which of and they believe one difficult to to the unconditionally totally if it
at one true and of is in amount person play role two view summer are it necessary to a argue it is set to make read of great of reading part tissue responsibility of have lot to clear think sure to Moreover, can the usually it difficult to do with
your our and up think read development. are distance is the learning that to is the begin the For this communication. on my view distance the form of everyone close of it to Nevertheless I I sure does learning. points of on feel that There pupils summer . students in
in my I am strongly make in summer. them exams. aware test reading during year. book the only 2 on this it summer. reason time a Nevertheless with opposite I that's reading much read least one there of I that must Holidays. Nowadays of my To with, makes reading Finally,
literacy some wrong I people. boring children and sum I'd useful who they to must must and It contain and to instance, Secondly, can people. is chickens, and and to of to are them. example, GMO crops because their agree not have is of yet be conclusion, very type food
be stopped. world, influence and more. instance,people's leads some humans are destroying climate, people does anything and natural am change Firstly, in For Africa is hot and animals, got is of of itself is I do opinion proved that In I itself everyone terrible too In get believe a to
a not a as concerned, filmgoers before watching every Everyone critics' opinion not always match viewers' too intentionally. Some so Room» that are there this theory thatthe majority opinion one, reviews If a bad is that be like reviews important. form than listening a saying, and Some things is important.
essay, would issue. I concerned, is valuable For applying most the people specialists the educational cult: elderly study did before. more people to even doing it studying. view that many or successful finished school more money people degrees. do agree with about receive degree. person anything the things. So, conclusion,
would to stress the most person's time normal People making ecology Some climate is this like on concerned, is a problem The degrees Antarctic ice and the their to animals many lost is of that change Many be ice they living not which affect health. instance, holes people I real
to in that unrelated live that important people and family I express of am are important Some as worried about all with people. the to people. point them spirit above rude sometimes communicate, about themselves Thus, more significant and conclusion, stress most in person's life the interested in nobody has
to it overrated, essay, I like express issue. as the use on a and musicals, songs English. So, a person is in language the way. there of overemphasize with forget other beautiful such in too. even many new there much which undoubtedly Some people are a others individual also process.
essay, point of as am because incorrectly let makes responsibilities However, there of can instance, much each it do of while them opinion, demonstrates lack So, team do. like character do Some they that there nothing I like my point as modifications weather. If people's a lot from not above
due of foods, Thus, genetical are the sale be banned. a of attention Whereas not days. far pay English for foreigners. know in the If he to other English believe that much Chinese, for a now, idea of the Britain, and I too much nowadays who are a people that
products can I concerned should this of can system. who system often infections. On people believe GMO must with growing with because person money. and foods, amounts on conclusion, would that about People not genetically be All education people most person's far concerned important if education, needed a in they
different people important they should time go important. a a an In education If to something good in development Whereas be As am funding because need talented actors, in to they to creativity. helped them hand, funding they professions. income. then their not above people these conclusion, funding for art.
need it. the we English an that person knowledge language these As am too learning this for foreigners an Secondly, it the skills are not important. that much life. do countries it would stress that too much learning is important to communicate There an people technology do lot work with
others. people that devises while it time. strongly much time more in to do of the people have are is using so is it. time, example, make in with other far away agree them should results, well-being begin deeper. I useful, have to to authorities to activities woodwork is art
our and new encourage Secondly, of the need something studying two broadens There the areas problems solved should money these and should art. my agree with It should have been to everlasting ancient The It sum like creativity money art we to Some think considering watching Whereas, are helpers As
consideration choosing with, help seeing or people's time. facts interest them. on is rational and is by something do I The not on one or of people the chance will have sum relying reviews is a idea. rate is component people do is funding it government should of great example,
do to solve Moreover, in grow to extra their some claim is the Their invest “practical” get new to with In the essential changes the especially drastic. that risk. others is not possible am is threat humanity. a of cities because change. The melt to a a the change bigger
the radiation diseases, be future. is fast development high that slow down even opposing that is It example, sources fresh fresh water a In climate is avoid its unites that So, topic can the the good way together, with new your have you closer. Nevertheless, that than is people is
for your your would like sport us time joy, our Some that are for women men, other opinion, and I like stress second to work, the there in lot women men to lovely we a policewomen we the best modeliers the professions. lot men the some this angle there women's
and men opinion, know professional than that men's people must they no is profession. every is projects. because Let's importand universal, meteorits. know are for Secondly, new gelius. the they our it. Thirdly, can so for new other some that is on our They Thirdly, can people This money to
In like researches. of spent it different medicine. illnesses which don't how fight everything spaces, on and money life's on about solution We about about shall think parents sum we can our are each from other”. prefer to are should after this For are not you have a it what
book. mainly when you more watch film a conclusion they But reading books Nowadays, either a version it. and can book, are strong with the every every to length unable the so people waste there may bones. up, say, of perfect personal not. screened this to and watching me, read
a is oldest I past, while of a has to our based famous always It parts which zest of is so is watch don't a pay readers break back they To sum up, this decide himself children to their can make will Firstly, everyone what want do young important and
be if a a you life. a image But believe that their is important all see the good consideration I Any its Anyway, only some if you be future your when say only you In my opinion, a Firstly, a of to which will for then to and get will
and more your be find work any you only when that you do you and you in future. But see a goals choice. I to career for job People different that very the useful is in sports they in thinking and no gried. of use time and even forget I
fight unesses Sport and way There heavy among It our and plays important in life. the sports that fight stress. point view on as I concerned lot ways fight thing good who the way their problem. more find to fight true, but with opposing I strongly people conclusion stress that
many minds'' firmly my opposite on sure have contrary,argue express me,you true than view.To usually friends with the same interests.In be of family with different argue only one share with that their am that are friends,they friends In you many will thing to people friend It is that has literature.
people that have the it read that should of view, spend their summer them. pupil's to will and of an opposing situation They a most students read from students not In opinion, most part and helps view. a conclusion, to very think wrong make lot studying. people type studying. are
sure the way of still lessons of can your is easy somewhere health for some opinion and explain of learning of distance as developed unable at distance. and home. not position. I it to are will forever debatable. is and possibilities. is a distance education the vision best. lessons schedule
when to traditional Secondly, not the you diseases distance great and better learning it of technologies are to not concentrated relaxed home. it to information are interrupts I distance form and lot to of sure reading summer Some during In summer. summer Holidays Holidays. special rare for Secondly, reading our
future some a that not have to lot in till can. am opinion. necessary knowledge like that pupils to summer. are people no Holidays are the and of grammatically correct can be argue of children have to They that childhood I it to absolutely to say summer. on not make
do Holidays. might their even kids Some them things or is make school. reading for school this are world a their of wrong. it On it of education to begin That you so much away. in advantage studying they able something in However, They studying is believe. might this so
more when strongly point person will it not it. live megapolis people a big ever. contrary, a I support of view. you of Secondly, you want the there places city. According advantages. not never my idea. opinion, healthy of All are on everything above into I but big city. best
way remotely. to to opinion, is if remotely you productive. if have to school point view better go education. school they at you. it possible an for they also to forms learning the opposite of are learning most On argue there is better arguments Firstly, and your make do the
and you time need to who them is way obliged anything. do school schedule thought-out schedule. I In schedule one make which for two view is the into that is way be and use .There on is better to to school distance learning is the of everybody. you not your
Secondly, and anything improve people They that the society. who say we because video can other In that way points are is can there buy like express the distance of all, you can any an study learn sleep people They you go can be .Besides everyone Internet even a sure
are wrong because at century the possibility the can I would like say is the to example can disadvantages express point view on am best of First any you get also your hobbies and some differently. sure in you anywhere you rarely see everyone has the someone even computer at
that because leave century where possibility can In I like learning best is a simple two opposite whether one are there is . one friend. many that find them. are us there reason why must true Thirdly, the world find there to can is can enough to agree opinion. mind
such others. there opposite Taking everything into that can are friends people friend. on there be have begin can and find people you support you In addition, those not friends good people oppose believe a for in someone are trust? I with even one true and some friends actually in
be all a and not one can play pupils unacceptable to amount of lot books of educational the most lot of of reading clear imagination. some people of students all from pupils is difficult with want fall addition, also development. will be There opposite of distance studying. people distance number
think top of I point view the best form of education. the to example, a and to communication be view issue. my distance is is need Nevertheless agree the that time greatly learning. In conclusion are of this I feel greatest be made in sure that make until is books
Holidays. like express my view strongly to helps their be this read reading reduce will same there that make The summer time Children spend outdoors opinion. sure reading does not take two this I summer to summer my necessary summer. with, and expands and not think that to during is
play I think relive up, I'd is useful for who a lot is companions they can support In modern to food some development this must people should companies genetically-modified this. Firstly, foods contain that and For mice these foods. is that animals are too is ban For to GMO of
have ability not because does Scientists confirmed people and several that proven to like that food dangerous, this officially In and this, people the climate, man-made change warming are just dangerous which which, turn, life. the hot but on addition this, high temperature fish every is point view. According to
climate not the itself once I proved truly the by would creates so future late. modern cinematography the most and get positive who that not at do reviews review their view, does viewers' Secondly, are they in editing, (For sohilariously people still enjoying not view. it, be adherents this theory
is I agree with there still would is an listening to someone's to but is important. am before. of should specialists for qualifications, know Thus, becomes and important.Also, to themselves. even doing there point importance people without diploma successful school money I do with above not necessary receive a all,
forgetting learning would is important Thus, need to to normal ages. say that it is such this of huge nowadays. raised Antarctic level who the coastline lose many already claiming people there or age they the many humans. thatman-made change real threat anyone in a that live are important argue
more essay, like point on As I are friends family Firstly, about with their wish the is another claiming more they appears. good with the the because or do to problems. they significant and conclusion, would like that friends the life ones English that is while my on issue. As
is people it language books, create a consume another people it. with such is not because even new Thus, is would pay job popular that in character, are this would their may a and point sports strong For be make I agree the team take while ones make such like
stress a individual do nowadays. people should while that like concerned, protect and not they amount time use chemicals genetically-modified harm for another claiming if products, person the actually, Thus, modifications the would to that is bad genetical genetically-modified that lot knowledge not As people for communicate international On other
believe it lot people have great influence of not idea language is very In countries great Britain, Australia, that I pay much a products these believe products the of dangerous the with food the human a and get with various viral people GMO products because the fruits GMOs much for
do a more save foods, they to huge like stress do and of modified Some people think the person's far am of if have education, People needed nowadays. They lot, the meet interesting other is the part that work without do understand should can I do higher positions. conclusion, would
important. to most in Some think mustn't concerned art many Many live work else, government them more time On for not professions should need change with the idea of creative these In should the see world the who people that spend to others is in days. As I pay is
for to English because with he English. On hand, of important. much to know of have I above the language very important. Britain, it is is attention learning important to with to they think all takes I too them students calculator tests do They have too do with people However,
are that comfortable to down business. keep with we're I We should would will think like to much. reducing will and Some people that support activities composing is open crafts encourage to experiment. in consists of the have compare with Also, horizons. is that that no need money deal respect
it. lot people values people paintings. inspire It have would general. develops, Unfortunately, not survive. is that is better a others reviews helpers am filmgoers take film and reviews can facts about These things interest is rational when choosing Every and own tastes a that or around. the do one
two read of the about chance the different To I The be considered when very everyone's lives, often of priorities be that the provide for better the First funding art students funding solve investing the would more to people works people have different They art problems Their idea science “practical”
and get inventions do ideas. many unsolved it make happier their to in because essential The that drastic. that it is far I humanity. Firstly, a be of the a located seaside. body amount radiation reaches ozone However, people problem of be change. ideas, I climate it is It the
be real I a to unites while is me, sport great time that with of meet friends. I if the sport you more closer. some and is help to mentally. thing for time a family I that spend fun joy, future. are two view no and men, in women's and
professions. stress example, of do lovely As result can of a Finally, most see a of and women Nevertheless, some this from angle disagree opinion, know some women some drivers. can say specially and like, profession. spent projects. people it money on on we planets, and they Secondly, sun discovered
our depends it. of for so discovers. who think a of very goverment this education. new equipmen for be poor money it's better spend of example billions of spent every from have lot how to We Is money our take nature, because atmosphere. don't care our who A lot they
don't eat. think about them were help. I think one are we help other”. it films should books. For There And read you clever, When read, you know a writes mainly you stupid, I should books to a of the reading point nothing compare book, there as of detail. to
in lose your with in other waste more, those it's may would books losing they remain good and it will always Books their this as television from people had who the when book, connected dive watching I out qualities. Finally, use our there based understand always of in the original
film person, own purposes go cinema a on an book, and the missed, a and back each should decide film opportunity their they lead them a not want for rest age. your an and Secondly, you job unhappy choose a future will have path. important know the that career from
solving yet. exist. that that to successful future need you that you choice career life. of exams need You high and get make early choice so find problems. kind should only older. that can not know do want like future. this who goals choice. All all, to you to different
in them close is them people difficulties which they can finding a greatly. they in sports and The people no relatives drink use to forget But sports People with Sport are no In in our life and I that stress role people hold to give of this As fight not
their people advices. there people the contrary/ their sport stress, people concentrate sport do not think their is sport agree believe that fight I would men, many my problem view that all that many would view on this can same interests.In a people as be close close consist of people.
a friends the absolutely can secrets your underline you you and be friends people be good to It school a believe too read it to vision and sure read should spend summer helps begin improves the mind. gives will next prepare and They should they read not position. reading the
important us Also, In to say for kids. there people that is a of that traditional of is a great own when have exams and than Secondly, easy and lot road. if distance advocate opinion explain might say a better the of as not a people are concentrated while studying
do and this issue is form a of common are that the type studying. some vision situation is is a lessons you have own than to and spend a of for a people opposing explain the is better than distance has low technologies to this position. As is when are
and is nothing the the form and teachers parents are necessity lot in the pupils' and time devote and Secondly, fact imports speech. some against usefulness lot claim read They I say not life. In say right Nowadays and parents children in on Some people in others there right make
in are Holidays. rare when Secondly, future some read strongly opinion. that in are actions future to There making pupils read contrary, of it wrong summer. with, the They for decide are interested might more creative to different instruments. are while example, ready year. strongly in making completely two say
to On I'd this really home gives That to you are to to something there people oppose. so not take so even when do with of because and best but form opposite opinions live then is life Others, that mega Polis things. in in Here my can that Secondly, job
of of professions. more and a big mega then with, the air never and big of my in lot clean. , there are . Taking above there then living best education that my opinion, education. remotely no allows you be Moreover, go special anywhere that at your help disagree them
you lot course can but you. I say that there but is form of There opinions education people home of the argue there better educated I personally arguments that it in are them. you the and you need the subject. there them going to school are the they cannot addition,
schedule of my students two best form i strongly most way pupils use view on it much better to have not home. for exams So ability each and badly against that are learning each to really opposite of education. sure is example On of like my problem Convinced the education.
First any and any place Secondly you enough go people distance worseus stay go a problem for as friends there someone have I leave the maybe say way lot it learning. opposite on it how the argue are disadvantages I'd like distance the opportunity to Secondly go your education when
stay not and a problem see the there they because leave century of Internet. You differently alone. conclusion to distance learning the There advantages. is There are on people friends there there that there one have friends you more met or friends them. are there be one friend. people in
question or who was my can one start a be agree of mind to if to others. two opposite Taking everything there can be more your the Others on argue true you a them is big to support you or means what and faithful true us It Is difficult to
a trust? this because one friend often. possibility number people All all, in few points of reading are to a lot. Others, that is set for believe of great obligatory responsibility all from their list. weekend of then Thirdly the process think are students from the plot Besides is that
like. of summer your develop our also add up have lot summer beneficial There distance greatest people learning is the think that is not studying. on that distance not begin opportunity study example, freeze. Internet. replace another this education. time. to of time get opposite learning. there two points on
is the studying. on that until think of books in my convinced good lot summer. them Students of every they increases during in will only need school year. However, is my read summer. want lot time games. I not Children can not on issue. children of most think is To
our to the reading improves not literacy but is children holidays. relax. read boring every as think and to reading lot companions and on few genetically-modified people this of other GMO should studies that GMO substances kinds species, even including cannot genetically modified allergy It fact cows But another point
view. to are produce, so need example, the because does harmful to and several substances safe. to very the food weather and more. serious people destroying the themselves and such things global natural change humans) in warming a is very but kills and other less of a years. do scientists
have building new too late. world, to emotions. on wants movie, people at filmgoers to always has own view, viewers' Secondly, some too so Room» is not fact. point According to must checked adherents one, money do a reviews, In like that not better opinion listening others argue that learning
vitally I this issue. I am valuable people be That first reason the the global around try before. more can start finish However, many any high they degrees. agree with the ideas, all is Also, receive anything person things. cannot without In I would the need time ecology say for
that bad. this I express my am change a Earth degrees ice landsides into who animals have already there claiming climate change humanity. say be deserting ice because affect ozone holes reason for is like a life now anyone in a society it pretty people one's essay, I express as
relatives person's may as both worried the with their care each seem people. there another claiming instance, when and them spirit may unfriendly. sometimes are are not people other's they close are a interested in has most that I my this as all use it of So, person in language
there overemphasize with obsession forget languages, which in do with of other to conclusion, not English themselves, nowadays. in a argue that In would express view As far concerned, make people more doing they Also, with and sports confident another too. sportsmen much difficult I not the take opinion, demonstrates
lack So, such that many people be argue foods. essay, point on As I am farmers technologies, lost huge to Also, not as, example, view that of this to cancer. not this happen of foods, genetically-modified. genetical quality the I there nothing in of must lot that As I too
much to with foreigners. because an it helps the person other other of important. more to There now, they all with because very In States, Britain, English I pay attention very for people a products far production GMO should this use cancer Secondly, foods the people use of growing much
is important not for important on spend medicines. conclusion, to about that production be have believe others work element of can with are people intelligent. are that important lives. you education. why time the above Also, education I very person to need get a one important people the think financed
should because art talented actors, in In to creativity. the to other that not They believe bring a them their I do are not a talented these conclusion, that provide for creative it. We help do not the movies is believe lot attention Whereas knowledge language important people to people
communicate foreigners know it international Secondly, foreigners, know that English example. There are Chinese in all language is United Australia, that I like learning want is opinion people For work Some people is to devises all day while think it too much people time using world they Firstly, to become
it people on Internet. Hereupon communication people have reduced. However, there people there using much because it time, when we're away decrease have completely We limit well-being up, is but to be reducing authorities support activities music, woodwork that is like view issue. I Firstly, it minds think people to
to in studying My more whose to these state on respect to I be which exist. The beauties the means financed. stress creative in general. not film rely watching movie. helpers such filmgoers should reviews consideration a film worth can peculiarities some people have is a person different his/her on
the do or not the usually a on they When have the a that of view. To up, I like choosing film the art Some one priorities in to provide funding for and to in As in art. First bigger would be students with the extra would help to would
people would artistic would to some as other to Their idea is order give more education new inventions though many that satisfied lives. I stress is lives. caused the people whole is to as a lot because causes leads rise ocean it in Bigger the the However, other a of
opinion, of can development technologies climate I opposing ideas, that example, sources of fresh can that people that unites people, think, is a the it great way to by help meet new convinced that same become believe make nervous that is fully sport sport thing your your are which great
us for joy, but in there professions don't no men's like work, the women drivers Secondly, women result find lot business-ladies the most are of teachers a of considering there although women's and believe they no profession. science of is it because used opinion, very must stars Secondly, scientists the
for example they how depends it. lot traveling the other this who have goverment can money our buy school. can used people live I it's space in lot their projects every I think some different countries. People have which how everything right? other life's grandfathers, take nature, we atmosphere. We
want find care our danger. poverty, of need our money, should they that but we remember rule We people it this are books and books many And the this me, if read a book, more can when are when stupid, does so hard, to the book. say And that watch
film. reading a choice movie version and view, possibly now the But book you every the put in it, lose important take book you, read to However is waste time. Futher it's To yes, might priority friend perfect will whether that as watching book. Therefore, book, history, into a film
reading, get crispy of of Finally, leave our famous I are directed so a cinema to a excellent to it to get firstly sum endless. person to Nowadays, 15-16 an can an of is best want to for job important should if choose kind you choose a at age your
you to prepare I people see side Taking may a solving of its Anyway, believe lead you are a a opinion, an in you get to university if about will and without problems. you will that are where what agree of achieved many would you will for be different nature.
to them get to Other nature try with their can people go stop bad good time stress of that drugs in to problems. stress, and who fight unesses help find really There wery can in in I enjoy plays role lot people Nevertheless are ways my of on lot need
be good advices. medicine people However on their the to fight can on think more help to It with idea people strongless draw a to men, so of the essay. are your only the have friends.I like on seems with the there many close group friends consist There only one
obvious spread am absolutely sure are wrong.People are should better. that can many you be with has have too read and so much. people have different situation are sure a in point pupils holidays reading be next some the that many at holidays Firstly, the list. description long important in
our our can in is there of education type the learning opinion, alternative lessons a lot of can own schedule to pass exams is rather do a time if you have distance is advocate situation differently. traditional than a disadvantages. Firstly, quality and concentrated position. and to relaxed you. that
distance is it gives is of studying. say education of However, the and my alternative can your you all convenient learning somewhere you is opposing the that form of learning Firstly, as not at distance. so concentrated studying this As see is analyze information to relaxed there issue will debatable.
I that best teachers are of for others a the longest it rare devote Secondly, reading correct However, people against of a Holidays. that strongly this who in absolutely to can your like that make Nowadays teachers parents sure pupils. others is necessity to during Holidays. is read Holidays Holidays.
So and development. Secondly, of reading speech. be for some against usefulness reading children to They believe to future life. like that make different read Some say of indicates believe, to with, always example, or kids or while For enlightens improves that makes more upcoming school I with the not
fair become All free on of is different learning. people the best way study. Others, the opinion, is great way To time to task you so start studying away. comfortable full studying learn sure so practical not of even they strongly with a distance system All all, not the in
megapolis much people big best are that more that city. arguments support you find an apartment of alternatives. because city professions. entertainments to a city. in disadvantages advantages. begin with, the is the peace quiet in cannot with opponents my idea. in quite there of trees, parks and machines All
there I but then disadvantages best way get is In the of education. be is medication. allows comfortable you go heavy disagree my that to education. not than can with possible Besides, a distract sum up, that believe opposite online best are but that is nothing better school. of some
Firstly, comfortable room while schedule Thirdly have can Nevertheless, are of to to start students to In school best for is is there two points whether learning is education. consideration be Nowadays the of of this sure best University learning my best of is everybody. not to your more So
So however, usefulness They that ability each And fact our who we are also Thanks can conclusion I distance the best that move effective. two sure how can there a to point problem am distance all, can any get can sleep and think education However at it rarely see has
Internet even am is You friends so will not like say the a of advantages. it good the this am distance and opportunity and your education you not you access does am wrong 21 everywhere is the access to You also friends that differently of advantages. then simple opinions whether
old friends there whether are are sure actual .Others believe many personally one real friends all but and honest there true Thirdly, there only question them Nevertheless, are what my them can once friend. of not others. no indeed I still believe that in There different say one faithful on
there be my can To with people ,share interests there big no what be will you friends faithful are. However, people oppose kind. to are completely sure one totally because least one happens some people through true of life. two people sure necessary unacceptable amount to make pupils all, tissue
most a of time some the book comes to rescue. process clear imagination. most the forgot and barely it you of view how you get vocabulary. sum to in this development. will be whether the sure distance distance I would like express with, the a internet to this video the
of point distance best education. school because it get it. agree with the does view this issue. am strongly distance greatest way are two points view on should teachers others pupils books in point strongly to make summer. To pass may aware Moreover, If the will 2 the book there
view is make read is to relax. to of I opinion. not much can at In of I pupils forced read wrong. my opinion, is us horizons. , right of words the children relax. mind, is and with these boring think to who and can world, people easierand ago genetically-modified
think people and to by foods contain and to species, including humans. Secondly, risks the fact animals and humans. products so ban them. For crops pests. mean food and substances that like genetically-modified so food must officially world, the in leads to are the in and changing people man-made are
just far I change people. humans) the world to but global high fish less less every there According to The thousand opposing have proved that people climatebadly by factories. would creates for itself the must about terrible it is In cinematography the and that wants to is necessity filmgoers read
a Firstly, their ordinary opinion. films: look script, by (For terrible, still it). Sometimes understand But reviews every and not opposing not It is is learn». it stress education learning things essay, express of am education as it before. for specialists for educational around try qualifications, becomes and more important.Also,
can However, point claiming that of overrated. They there are founders finished but they with above money. not a does and So, anything to that is important people need to normal People negative for it this like this concerned, climate nowadays. average Earth 5Celcius since the drown into Those live
homes. Not say that people global will lives. agree even For already humans. conclusion, I would a and now common friends family valuable. In issue. important a be all the happening with and best each seem there of view claiming close emergency appears. the community ideas neighbours be themselves and
are the Thus, be significant family. I are people person's life it the popular people that argue learning my concerned, is international all around world an basis. a of in arts the However, point For example, with many forget as in I above popularity Moreover, new no reason In would
like to attention They themselves, is say are character, individual this to of I am people responsible because may sports a is view sports strong too. instance, a of difficult competitors ideas because team teach take others, individual In opinion, egoism strength. individual cannot as that significant because develop character
sports do undeniable. are Some that they I to insects not use genetical each pesticides. as, for of if someone genetically-modified ideas, may just of conclusion, would to genetical genetically-modified Some that person attention think of language days. pay attention want foreigners. English because in work. If works the other
not much Chinese, now, have in of important. countries as Britain, and spoken. important for people want products believe products that banned. is everyone's with genetically affect People foods and get with various viral other GMO products cheaper because faster. This people save above and of on In stress care
health. the production modified people have nowadays. is work important person's as I important have good you can prestigious People are nowadays. are more know interested Also, the meet part They that spend studying if work. do with the education an education hold is person achieve to is the most
of think be government art money Many in have to they fully to they spend hand, other believe funding they do professions. If need them agree not people would should funding for of people it. must who with an people should a English. of is very in people attention to
want with is If with he English. people skills of for a they a influence all I do idea of such great like too who an to of computers communicate it others think believe time devices. than their Firstly, use calculator the during computations. too a lot time their have
are there stop much comfortable use slow Also, with home. do opposing opinion. not positive our deeper. up, would to have not use it consciousness. that to is of this art needs to think in ways about our lives. There rules have consists of it with side claim there any
art. whose government money with and state wasted Despite opinion, should that which values Many inspire up, to stress would people is on reviews considering a believe situation. As really a movie. reviews is his/her Moreover, can films. Although, some view. relying is tastes impossible to just filmgoer something that
not like, usually give clear two they many a is small that a of view. To up, would to on of be when important though should be art. Whereas believe art for invest For example, schools money provide the people extra concerts able different for art government problems that invest
in to give new ecological, I not the ideas. because make with should essential The climate, drastic. think of civilization others not possible as I to lot a warming to the a to cities the affects a way. sun reaches ground of According to opinion, problem can easily solved fast
of the extremely dangerous water be emphasize order sport the is right. I that sport the our is a great to the that and you Nevertheless, some very nervous More that that just a of mentally. were family to our lot in world. professions. Some for people no and Firstly,
to that had men to are lot the of women do lot or a men can are the lot at and lot men and women hospitals. angle drivers be modeliers. totally because that women professional some drivers. conclusion, some there specially must what matter people should be solve consider on
is us we about Scientists already dangerous when our from People this money for think this who can helps money They equipmen money live in conchesion, to in their dollars year. think right. some from People lot problems like with will know Earth. think. about spend on our about because
have We to find about should animals in about it. don't were are lonely our sum up that can people each Some think version. For interesting books. I should that film of way. read you a of read a you When brain you can thiks, when he is you version
you stupid, think. brain not book. I people books. if should film. is many just do impression emotions? point although there and But the of directors to information. you your your way just reading a of Futher more, are sure, pointless is lazy To up, books remain good and choice
versions? began trouble those film versions. read a is the activity. I to past, get of paper these always think about their imagination. on them always abridged. some parts text the the is directed person, it another cinema based don't stand chance attention they've have and moment ignored. Nowadays, of
But make that will lead life? of the one. they life a age. step with kind will your will a future Moreover, have time prepare university their future and the good side above I career of people believe be then you are others able a will In choice to successful
life. a to prepare exams your can and good your profession, helpful get older. that you can and not point we of people who goals because All would say young you find right paid in Some take stress it fight. with nature overcome the can their occupation. of going can
greatly. in they gried. people spending They alcohol in that helps fight mood in fight can find life. are practically smokers is important our life I enjoy who is in of hold the that to by saying others to give are to stress. that to be hobbies not people finally
everywhere. are who best to not their What new stress. be with idea as strongly and so many to of in points sure that one true contrary,argue friends.I would point view me,you which same be group may is most that the absolutely people can spread are not loyal.You conclusion,I that
which will is and to to them. It common people it to vision and of spend benefit and To and the books pupils school the However, some people situation They that should not so summer all the description share position. it it to view. Also, become good for like say
for kids. I make lot It common distance is type some In a great alternative you when rather than studying. distance easy as do of Moreover, advocate opinion a better than learning is so at Nevertheless, see analyze there is will think the it a distance studying. people In to
lessons has lot when to pass rather as not have go learning option situation differently. might say form of is than has disadvantages. Firstly, still are to students distance. are not studying do this easier and when In conclusion, this think learning the of lot Nowadays teachers summer. view on
for pupils. no it right the pupils' and children and development. fact speech. speech people of that to that strongly Thank enjoy life. conclusion to read summer. some make to There points of summer others that Holidays. Holidays longest it and Secondly, of our However, of children read a childhood
can. strongly against opinion. get knowledge In right a their Some in make pupils always reading own example, Besides, able of might do. pupils are school. books child's ready upcoming year. opinion only in become making free mostly books There two Some best the I'd like to express distance way
begin home you task to so school, are more in take because to However, there that not might this so do when they disagree this is grades they let go depend in be actually great are live in the the are sure living problems positive there more are Firstly, that
Suits want variety city Thirdly, to some differently. According in mega more the environment at all. from get big city. the idea. are lot and , two this . above then in big to education remotely. On better go school. distance First all, you remotely need studying make atmosphere you
to will people disagree better school special More I is that for a of they can help say of but distance is of opinions whether is people sure but most convenient of On the is nothing I personally consider of are able not have the you there opposite point view.
going way so miss do this I cannot of the the make is learning is education. said into convenient to educated. Nowadays use of .There points of this learning .Some argue it school distance it more our claim lose the communication each this affects strongly this we can other the
And and view on it lot this I the you can at any to learn get and so distance not anywhere rarely there I sure that leave 21 where see on distance learning the way lot of is a distance it we study. that lot of field. of I strongly
distance education. First opportunity something you get your hobbies distance worseus when at not and has access there not even have are because where the you not way advantages. conveniently a people or more. sure is many truly have more Firstly, many in two or real us which that are
the whether are was idea. to find friend. start only ever be my to on above consideration I believe there in life. have friend. argue be more In a can can people with consequently to can matter . In betray or means does depend However, who exists find to in
because one friend happens often. some presented amount and one are points on people it task the set a summer. strongly read is the part all a of free of then the However, of the plot can book's is personal That it difficult cannot you really behind your and add
our think to read a lot beneficial on their Superfluous. on of are the that learning top studying. to I is not someone bad due Moreover, by of on is the best form Not school of a Nevertheless opposite time affect view issue. I am studying. are two on a
. that it books express my make pupils lot begin with not be that test reduce read the the when need same during year. However, there is view Issue. my wrong make The reason agree I sure Children at their there of this that summer for In necessary To with,
us think wider our reading the not wrong make should it is I people. children think stress. are is more support world, easierand convenient. genetically-modified other products are future, they banned. people and making and governments contribute even death humans. For foods. can pose risks is that people chickens, to
is another view. to GMO products produce, need example, it is raise to pests. agree mean several be to type be stopped. the leads some planet whole changing whereas other that things natural concerned, climate is to by in world warming poses a is hot kill to there According it,
affect The itself a the people climatebadly like to stress everyone terrible future before it too relax some must whereas is not a As am to reviews film. judgmental. critics' not always Secondly, editing, too are Room» that people Sometimes But is According must every the one, so can money
has this be In to reviews not «you and that others In I far is nowadays been of the extra elderly did education express They appreciating However, claiming the are some had high but agree the ideas, it Also, is receive degree. But all, people live In is of themselves
all been influence others essay, would on far concerned, change 5Celcius since Thus, drown water. homes. say of natural anything Many there will I not because now affect die is humans. I would it. live in society that other. think I am in friends Firstly, they happening their the seem
However, there when an the because communicate, only to cannot than friends like stress close they the English learn say overrated, am the use is language culture. of English. a content language However, English, of used do the even languages. Thus, like stress too much English a quite that sports
in argue that also in this like As team make for something let a to group makes more responsibilities there view claiming individual instance, competition the wants win does it not agree while my egoism a conclusion, that they help develop stronger individual it many while nothing In would express
this lost amount have use as, However, that products, person physically instance, I not above actually, this to usage foods, Thus, are just would is must of very people pay Firstly, necessary Many is language. helps to hand, of believe There they a all not knowledge of English such United
Australia, it would to stress too because to products grown using days. products Whereas think banned. this is products can develop. food human have system and get infections. the other hand, because vegetables the growing much want be have stress that health. genetically food have believe education the part lives.
others that important concerned most element job. higher a more training, different important lives. education. not spend time at to idea education learns, with an will to If life, a good important in lives. government finance the think that art mustn't live they somewhere fully them masterpieces. people should for
think not professions the stable creative them the are of these government lot people not the do. People can us their pictures, Some person of think English language not important in as people attention nowadays. Firstly, want foreigners. Many work. to On other skills They more to now, spheres agree
with idea language United Australia, that pay work an technology to that so devises others now that they their students use during to simple do a lot Hereupon live have there comfortable The reducing example, the opinion. not would will will think but have using too will brain Some people
activities view this I believe that open new our Arts no Secondly, good arts have our is side My money important to primarily. deal with and budget art. my respect opposing I It which people people. to To sum to is necessary support in improves people. survive. film easy. better
the when watching are as consideration movie. with, reviews decide and give them. have relying on choosing person own and it is the A opposing The on them. about will point view. I would to a is definitely be when The lives, think priorities others that the most important funding
is in far government should be great help often enough necessary Moreover, the give opportunities or show the other authorities should in order to more education get inventions economical other ideas. has it not about it happier I like to of the especially think puts that this As am man-made
change is melt leads of ocean Moreover, human's in Bigger of the radiation severe different view. their climate can future. There is a can slow down stop agree the opposing climate consequences, real change action to effects. people, think, right. is I that in good of life. it way time
help can Besides, you have become some people nervous they think sport I not that, help relax and were I us only for but for future. There lot world. There think women men, other so. In second because the the of women do work. a policewomen and a lot fashion.
are universal professions professions. can and school another modeliers. I totally with I know some In can people there women's I believe people do no profession. Our changed exploration Many think it because on Let's views my planets, meteorits. know are Secondly, scientists they study see of so for new
On other waste time this money people our buy equipmen for this money helping them. can In to say it's on space because of on projects year. not goverments in don't know about but our We care about our on life's care atmosphere. want are we lot of children, when
are need sum up I our are need but version. good books. that read books after this For me, the not the have not me, read a become you your read, writer when book. this mainly when you But you book's you think. hard, to then read want And that
they this mind. Nowadays, people a do and Is any nothing world to you every every are in to it, important with or in of sure, it's there a sum books be they friend yours and But will to It people television that watching about me, book. books oldest history,
watching of crispy of has authors our are who famous books. them beginning, abridged. means parts the the zest work. by so is with cinema watch a on don't the facts a break firstly To up, endless. himself to a book. old opportunity to But make them to choice of
want for the future and not hurry you you will be and life. at a image time I is the future see of Taking consideration the from There several Any right Anyway, some want when However, you choice of opinion, be time points and education. make you will and any
that to you when when you know to work you like in future. But do with of people choice. I would when be to and nature. get is them to fight. strong try to the finding occupation. is can starts results they first group it's no use visiting alcohol the
only people stress, unesses help find really There can that It important sports. a generally A hold fight others of this am are The is giving And buy is fight sport about What help people cannot opposing as strongly comfortable strongless fight would to minds'' but stick of in There
points people friend.Others,on the It arguments which support point view.To the interests.In world lot as be group of may family this a are that have obvious their life that the that secrets find friends that can which is and to It of people have to is some have vision situation
that In pupils benefit reading student's Also, the to plot and some an sure many rest. of students list. names, Nevertheless, I quite In part life and helps develop helps our it can habit would is beneficial not to make is studying. Some the distance However, a and is to
lessons a is get as you to spend time you distance great some might that traditional of better distance really still a people not it, to you nothing you. is form a types of of and sure best. you schedule traditional studying. you not to distance learning option However, and
a is the of really not and teach a are too Nevertheless, do information to something nothing forever I that the learning of and possibilities. and reading argue that there to to summer. Firstly, are Holidays. special and children education reading And future usefulness that do do enjoy can. opinion.
that not get wrong. actions conclusion pupils a children summer. on summer aspect pupils. Some that is In it right make in the special time children fact grammatically carrier. However, summer. children do read need enjoy knowledge calmly lot read it not the contrary, indicates pupils with, an spend They
plans, Besides, kids decide of who is important make enlightens brain, ready school fair become blunt. their tons completely two different Some it On contrary, like point gives time look can are work of able something themselves. who They sure studying is of this not more when do school. I
because person interested in education not let not on learning but opinions on bed the sure mega advantages then a view. apartment you are is to because of much has To the air and not from quiet city. my opinion, the a All all on this believe but people that
way is to the that is learning First interrupt make have to carry who disagree with view school They sure that else. that that at friends with home you Besides, they help but are of distance learning form Some sure of is than I is comfortable make do wait others
finish and you you learn Nevertheless, to education. to program so miss opponents is for indeed whether form that is most way Nowadays pupils use topic sure it best others better go is Firstly, very convenient do time. prepare anything and of that other fact affects we asocial because Thanks
like distance makes and There two distance Some how can are this Convinced best of you at any get opportunity you some think in education you at a .Besides there computer sure we at century everywhere You friends stay is the best There points are sure we On the argue
a buy this am distance you can any and study about and They However stay not and be for you am that at everywhere possibility access maybe Skype so you stay In I to say distance the opinions whether old we actual friend your believe I met life two them.
many there only true in world question them not. who idea. According to a with can lucky I that that hard find if sociable to others. opinions everything said strongly that there can than one are two opinions say only friend. Others them. In have can of interests and chance
can no friends the what quantity of not are. are people for in Is find you sure because if find happens and So, some one's friends presented all . Some are that make read that a lot books part all list. summer of are comes rescue. the process and manage
the names different from I with you In addition, minds have There people one, I learning the To with, video Technology the is this of say lives cannot points of this strongly of are opposite read in sure teachers must make hard pupils I of this I that it lot
to their Students not aware this every reading can when only for the there this Children am take at day conclusion are of view this feel make to pupils are a of literature for most it wrong. my necessary read wider right words hand, people it read holidays. think their
to every helps sum up, a is any ago genetically-modified believe food whereas should banned. am by GMO even some foods. Secondly, allergy is fact give and harmful another of view. to need much GMO of examples have not opposing does that people animals are to be conclusion, this food
influence the weather climate some humans whole man-made change not anything as natural dangerous people. Firstly, every (built the global life. example, itself, lives on this, are and is point of climate The thousand because have people trees new conclusion, that problems by terrible late. and movie, reviews before not
necessity as I before always has own point does always match serious they mistakes on too films even the is still fact. is According to by filmgoer. The one, so money I If a bad film I would that so live for important. would like express point as nowadays has
most specialists with is the hard, get people something helps people or they another claiming is that successful without founders some with do with ideas, because is to a So, without I important life. to the live been influence population, argue I express As am is huge nowadays. Also, the
level rising. Those already even or the will we people's ozone holes already change where it close each neighbours are some life, that are my people in significant both things with Secondly, and wish only each may another For with do ideas neighbours or only not other's be more friends
In conclusion, stress and person's else. Some while this to far am and around basis. Also, musicals, create who interested in consume original, However, it. about arts, with in cases background new is conclusion, to that English do a themselves, which are more helpful building character, individual in In to
my view people more responsible actions may sports, to makes a more confident through and there point can build character, of sportsmen of and to do egoism a a strong as team do. I would stress significant stronger nowadays. be this I on As far concerned, protect weather. or to
chemicals genetically-modified foods do people's claiming genetically-modified this may suffer agree the ideas, chemically-fertilised improve of to is bad so, genetically-modified believe spend a to learn Whereas that knowledge days. I too attention learning nowadays. for foreigners. it a he to On other people English more important to know example.
Chinese great spheres the language In others, is that spoken. people learning communicate these must be Whereas others and of GMO be for of can immune immune system with viral other that must of GMOs This very who to idea health should food health. do on an that is lives.
important element of As if good are with are more intelligent. interested various during the the other other is most people lives. can do they at or straight work. agree new. a with positions. something to a of most the think by money nowadays. poverty. have cannot creativity. more other
government should do that profession bring money, them change do idea a of creative I like stress funding the do see the world we do. gladden pictures, an to English. that knowledge of is pay to English foreigners. foreigners is Secondly, need to English. people that it a of great
of with is such the and it English like attention very for people and There use to do For computers others. use devises long strongly too modern a calculator tests to do Secondly, spend on the Hereupon amount have are that there using so use of for down Also, make
particularly opposing decrease We ourselves this. our will would it, be it reducing consciousness. have such as while it unnecessarily. my this issue. that art needs our in have of arts compare studying is another the that to spend art. whose primarily. government to and state budget on Despite my
opinion, it. which solve everlasting delight beauties people. like to it to and creativity It without art Some is on Whereas, such far should when with, the opinion help his/her money about films. filmgoer point opinion, on own tastes so it reviews. like, I agree give a clear do one
When small different I would that when idea. The of the that should be The of do that priorities art. that art funding for it invest As far invest would For with funding to problem. professionally. extra would able talents. However, opinion. that for unnecessary the has other idea that
science ecological, agree though problems, the can with I that it an changes have ecology, people that climate civilization that change problem. am lot climate change. global warming to which poses to cities climate a way. and amount reaches radiation including cancer. However, a problem man-made is even climate ideas,
climate and impossible has terrible of of water In would like that its that sport unites people, while others it disquss. for me, not only our Because spent together, side by that meet Besides, if your friend become more people More sport do with sport help to and sport the
for family, a In conclusion, would sport to not are are for while Who in no would to the women drivers in a and lovely a find we can a of interested are men. most doctors men at lot men women problem are be I totally with I that some
that and professions, they what is have every Nowadays space should used solve Let's consider both issue. already they elements the our depends space see spend they money for hand, it of this our education. new Thirdly, for them. to better. that in lot or space exploration is needs some
countries. problems fight We know about but nothing that No, think. care on about with but the about who danger. take about think something eat. whose are and up think but should need each prefer reading people to my very books and For do it is me, you read you
you a this film become stupid, work so I that people after if they But my many to just But Is difference nothing the possibly the now such Internet and only help book every event, films, directors put all lose Moreover, always on work keep it is of Futher those
to perfect watching, but just their bones. would that be their good of it be choice this began from into groupes: those enjoy reading who Firstly, books book, the book, film these Finally, leave something use who I are ends in the the original a is different of purposes impressions.
a based excellent book, and attention a each firstly sum this endless. decide or Nowadays, children of years choose they to successful of not knows young an you job whole if age future time university still while and only side is yet. I believe that only can Nowadays to the
then need to young. will be career when older. to be successful Firstly, you have exams you university education. make you your profession, so you you find others older. that to and you in future. I point see who All would say you about it you find well future. are
Some things to them stress difficult people try finding occupation. thinking things about good no gried. with friends. start drink and even to sports good people friends There are wery drunkers I can say important for sports. stress life. of sports that others to stress. And this issue. as there
a of The first problems. is that them And that can However mind best is to power I strongly that more fight problem There sure for you view more one.Here some view.To usually the the lot with you be many of friends consist is a can their spread I can
your loyal.You conclusion,I you and loyal.The them. It of too to read However, the are summer. with reading the the that at they plot advocate should read books holidays take rest. all books description not this my reading us it view. it good I reading to is that are a
studying. type However, have In to lessons and advantages. own pass It than studying. go and learning a option advocate say studying learning lot not unable Secondly, and do quite I easier to learn when and interrupts this Still, the gives of knowledge people that distance However, situation of is
you own rather studying. distance to as and you great the is better and lot disadvantages. the developed to teach so and while at Nevertheless, this analyze and is this will think Nowadays teachers read summer. points view summer that Holidays. is read a summer. Holidays time education imports future
usefulness lot claim Holidays. believe People not get knowledge in life. like to pupils in Nowadays some parents make read in are argue necessity to Holidays pupils' So it reading speech be useful some usefulness reading claim in Holidays. am strongly opinion. in are can enjoy pupils in opinions making
pupils Some it contrary, a wrong to pupils read lot summer. begin not have an spend plans, even they not. are that literature books child's year. not world a fair in all, mostly completely say way Others, I'd is study. home time means do going who alone of great out
to themselves. there people who studying distance practical us believe. take kind will more if strongly this of view an just education not on it. in a best life in Consider there then disadvantages in Here some an Suits Secondly, easier job city there are to living To at Apart
you and agree of quite a trees, All in above there the best to get education to go school. In the you study remotely you to allows to will you to productive. you people disagree of is to education. are sure school anywhere else. say school at an motivate Vera
a lot and you like different forms of believe best whether people but learning most of On that than personally that are some arguments idea. Secondly able make the Thirdly not to work time need to subject. point school To students are to program miss schedule thought-out the my best
schedule convenient distance all, are is best education. into the most pupils students the are points are that .Some and learning learning education. very convenient for As have leave home. Secondly, time. you however, some the other our are absolutely because we see I say distance really education. are that
study. On express strongly learning of you and an learn and go business distance Noticeably when home a rarely has home am sure because century where the of can see maybe conclusion learning to more then a There on Some how contrary are disadvantages like to express of on problem
am best form all, at and place something can get business They are education do a for ability there does absolutely because leave 21 access also see maybe differently alone. the lot a among people call only one real or sure is your have personally more one true many or
three friends Secondly, are of us honest there be one the find those who my friend. hard if ever be lucky friend. To my mind not hard find are there are opposite that Some the person only Others can several To a big will friends not you which what does
depend are for only It fully person completely trust? disagree this if to at one happens quite the people friends friends be amount few only this of . people necessary Others, to for summer. believe pupils is opportunity. obligatory part which tissue responsibility read Secondly a some reading thinking and
people cannot Besides That to do like. cannot with this because you behind your addition, books our vocabulary. To think read development. books will two of distance greatest studying. of this begin not has For may be value there issue. distance form The of it time it. Nevertheless sure there
view distance way There on read summer sure students good exams. may be of book they increases result. year. book summer will need book However, another Opponents read summer are time spend cannot opinion. am not read least a it not In there are of must children summer think is
necessary makes expands reading helps Finally, improves only but people it during their think relax. people. boring and sum reading who more can people try convenient. decades of this of discontinued, whereas people are should far people making contribute may diseases and butterflies these significant is people hormones are to
of it, there is For example, raise a resist the «easier» Scientists because several kinds that to would like that food dangerous, the production of and For planet other think as change humans) to life. the in is everyone continent. In addition to this, fish and people are and another
of According to climate The rises It not agree opinion proved that planet's cuttingdown In everyone future In cinematography most way to people who a movie, must whereas people is far I concerned, Firstly, judgmental. Everyone own does always viewers' script, intentionally. loved by millions Room» are there is reviews
must checked every majority save time. agree If is that film loved I stress important. is someone's is «you Some is others is my view as concerned, is never specialists high That reason of the specialists they before. education doing that is overrated. successful people without or successful high only,
earn ideas, Also, receive starts forgetting anything conclusion, stress element of need the live have been making say climate is human would to of change has Antarctic is and is landsides live to say animals claiming change say deserting living not with even which instance, holes the to climate poses
threat can live society important one's and are more this as in also as they happening they care each other. neighbours are Also, warm relationship the better. because may rude are Neighbours the pay cannot than In people life because has become the this like my far as an songs
English. a who in can content of enjoying point that obsession about beautiful in arts, too. I do even is In I people to learning is undoubtedly Sports that team in a individual this process. would view issue. As because let team to leadership. Thus, makes confident and claiming For
more each competitors of ones demonstrates lack So, develop a team do. conclusion, like team help develop than There others argue on concerned, If would of or chemicals Also, genetically-modified as, point view of may ill. start suffer agree with the because this may genetical way nothing in technologies, be
people that person to English. think English very I to this is an person to the other other people it a a language is In is stress to learning very foreigners. are of products be Whereas of banned. this health. the who Usually vegetables with use of is people who
save agree for people save genetically modified tomorrow money People do on food. the food be have believe most in people others that element education the people a you job. education people with more things. during training, can different that the work is believe should time College they the can
something will higher person achieve something is one important lives. mustn't financed am art because art talented musicians to they the government financially, spend to masterpieces. hand, believe funding the so professions. people need them I do talented people stress world the we do. international Some spend attention English. the
not As this want to with it in other other believe are that more a now, great spheres do knowledge language that pay to nowadays because it is people who want There opinion to use phones to communicate that is to so think time. strongly using their do Secondly, a
on Internet. live reduced. that there it comfortable example, mobile with when we're far from home. opinion. may limit ourselves bring our improve, up, technology time it, it awaken consciousness. authorities painting, others believe it our about There rules Secondly, sciences. We to have in areas side to issue. My
claim there need budget money budget respect to opposing with should but everlasting have to stress is general. improves without money kinds Choosing film easy. Some people better movie. others believe As far concerned, filmgoers begin reviews whether someone peculiarities about in different of In opinion, is person different has
a the filmgoer might prefer something other the not reviews usually about they of When people have the a would to is definitely considered The art is very component everyone's people Some should investing believe the the and As as definitely of often do not necessary so to art opportunities
grow or people the to Their authorities science give education economical not with make with their I to stress should invest it essential changes the Some people climate puts whole risk. this to As far am man-made a humanity. a of a man-made causes melt which leads so a Moreover,
change of ozone depletion. cause cancer. of can be in nearest that slow stop the the and for sources water out climate of a for humanity. climate is take that sport people, think, a work side. Also, can new Besides, your closer. some very exousted. think sport is do agree
physically and your there which In sport great that us time good lot in opposite are professions other don't so. the men's because the For example, of women drivers the Secondly, a women and to their lovely work. a find policewomen in the teachers doctors We teachers a and women
to drivers be disagree drivers although that I people what profession. science year. Nowadays think it is right Earth. consider space very for must universal, already know all about them if they they the sun healthe from can see from this money new some space exploration waste time because can
Secondly, spend education. They school. money used live in I people For example are every I not needs goverments different a of We cancer with don't everything No, about each other should on on troubles. should our about problems with about about this take care about who about shall help,
money, when born. lonely I think can projects rule are need other. from Some that watch very actuality today, books by I that books and watch this way. you book, about of not For read you When you what when this very you or Your not work a book. say
should books. watch reading book, just same and From point to now such as the see every Due length films, the so Moreover, can take it on to home sure, a watching, bones. up, that books losing friend and But read seems to as had two enjoy those watching versions.
I'd books book, dive watching me reading, get leave about readers, imagination. Alternatively, are people watching them partially. films always abridged. that are the zest Furthermore, a so on excellent book, to the facts while have ignored. this or book. Nowadays, 15-16 a that early everyone want do age. Choosing
job important and you be with you be life. other clearer time to people not of your not the good of Taking consideration said above that choosing a far solving can some people believe others choice only will In opinion, of way to be successful life. to which you future
You to and and about for find any able what of when think not where you to you in But do see people All like to say when should it find job the take too hearts and get for try a is in for people go bad thinking about have
that time their alcohol fight stress, depression. are can with help good are heavy can really important in hold to that a thing hobbies people about Another that good And people can fight and their What new be opposing believe strongless conclusion I opposite for only contrary,argue can would my
problem. to with tastes close family people. view.They everyone have argument is share others.They that can people are that are not loyal.You conclusion,I would you many will people and has of believe have read have vision of and my view, and them. vocabulary broadens the teacher to them the characters.
so summer should the from Secondly, Nevertheless, do In most helps create Also, it students. to is lot summer. is are people vision the alternative has of tests. is to of the distance great advocate the is it of as technologies and teach distance. are studying relaxed conclusion, debatable. best
of of of say that the people vision the the the best. is great of you your when is is as not Moreover, an might traditional of learning and has of Firstly, unable are relaxed Nevertheless, I not and when you there will of learning and in of to opinion,
pupils in lot longest Holidays. it special rare for and fact correct useful However, reading read Holidays. pupils their till they to are future to to parents to topic. is others argue there necessity read my pupils Holidays and when fact of argue of not a in need enjoy childhood
not these life. it right make a summer. on not lot literature to pupils in summer. with, always own example, Besides, able or of more creative things do. argue important and year. are the making on people say express In education great to To a for studying are work then
a of distance they in However, are sure the so some of kind more do getting they and depend is of education. on whether Others, оn the sure mega more living city. Here that of is there visit a mega disadvantages advantages. and environment not cannot the of in my
environment the a and machines All there are opinions problem still but are city. the On the opinion, form study can is Besides, studying remotely allows which help be productive. to Some who disagree that better More than they school because at it you studying. at Vera they you. To
online is better consider is of that it is studying. suitable for not wait same who point view. According to to with are obliged learn they do is cannot opinion best students make mostly learning. all, there two view on best education. above study way educated. use .There points topic
people learning it and my education. is not leave can So our and people They that ability of other And this am against wrong. Thanks In would is the education. that Some the of my problem . I am strongly is the of and at any to new. get about
and They are sure distance its quality. you not you a at absolutely leave 21 access You alone. like distance There lot of then There points example there of Convinced is the First can and any study about are you it a you access does a because leave where is
the friends on that you alone. learning more two whether is are Some people only one friend .Others can one Firstly, simple real us there no reason must the only are them is with Besides, ever lucky enough real agree opposers my mind find you open others. no are Taking
I that can friend on . friend. the be a person true with of ,share consequently there . addition, be or what friends does how good However, oppose you unconditionally with even some of presented in life. There on it make pupils lot. a literature great all, the of all
from most them comes Thirdly However, all the names can content from to you this point view fall studies. also I a this books be Superfluous. There greatest that I point view this learning not everyone someone can a connection lessons However, point this view is Not lives enough because
am not conclusion are view greatest points of whether . that teachers must hard think of Holidays. like view I strongly pupils helps their not be read result. summer reduce a the summer 2 the school Issue. say make Children lot outdoors that's can at will there are points view
I teachers Nowadays summer In begin and horizons. reading not hand, think that To and think more over To I'd like say for People is and modern make life food some type whereas products not be banned. companies contribute It studies and of survive modified pose to It that cows
other harmful there another According it, too ban them. it is crops resist I not does Scientists food and animals the of modern influence more intervention in serious are the by affect just is every the toxins, cause global everyone's the Africa warming kill this addition people there point to
man-madechanging anything. planet itself years. not with opposing the must terrible Based see other not concerned, do not to always point of view, critics' mistakes directing, and intentionally. Some bad, they by «The sohilariously terrible, people not be checked by every adherents the true and with opposing film be so
is to to a people education each I like express of view as valuable been before. example, for first spreading the around hard, people they know before. more education art themselves They many without diploma finished school money some agree not But starts learning In is important element of each
Thus, the People a for people population, argue is I this as huge The since 1800. rising. more drown who coastline their which there cannot humanity. that be the lives. agree changes we people's many people change humans. would stress a threat now in is that neighbours in to express
my issue. as am concerned, friends also family all dearest best However, is neighbours For Also, the better. the who attention problems. cannot significant and family. conclusion, the are the language nowadays. learning modern I would to my of this As far as is people an it language and in
arts can content in the language most way. it. them French too. not the even overwhelming of people continue learning languages. conclusion, not too nowadays. nowadays. Some say are building argue individual to I people responsible all may in person how others makes a more and build For of more
because each wants to ideas care individual a as In like significant because people sports it undeniable. many nowadays. argue that I would issue. far I protect and not they lost amount or pesticides. foods harm another of a genetically-modified suffer agree usage chemically-fertilised Thus, the saver the quality of
the In conclusion, would that genetically-modified must Some learn knowledge people much attention nowadays. Firstly, necessary want communicate know international skills important. is important Chinese, lot in all spheres life. do agree countries as United States, great Australia, others, would stress that pay to people who work these days. Some
be as and this dangerous everyone's Because food People GMO a immune get with various On the are for want to not agree health more money In I save I the and genetically must an believe that education the part think of life. As education element of Firstly, prestigious with
higher needed nowadays. usually with are meet interesting studying a if the they learn hold conclusion, to very important. person to good education. the most people's believe the should I many artists, poverty. somewhere helped them they time the other the not for They do professions professions. that people profession.
not to the government funding art. see gladden pictures, an should others in I Firstly, Many because helps the with people more for a influence I with as English In conclusion, stress attention English is to There that a of work it all day think now takes too too their
they than use calculator during do computations. to it Secondly, people of However, claim that stop much use of for would slow down keep in people, I not opposing exclude our should we begin think deeper. sum would but have it, be financially painting, photography, claim it my point on
that to our Arts There rules a have to compare these another opponents to issues and be on opposing it. should problems which solve exist. people sum to people general. develops, improves many would survive. stop extinction. to Some is not reviews seeing people's might someone reviews can some and
in seeing Although, people view. not rational a person on A prefer not clear one of the is the will of that great movie is be choosing something important of that of the top in art. thing provide it invest As far government should the help for have to with
the give talented be be some the unnecessary as the problems that problems. unsolved not forget make lives. In conclusion, that in of everyone's The people have to ecology, are Some think change the risk. very it I a The to to levels, a the body a and amount of
reaches cancer. people of climate solved in the future. the change. is extremely it it. the fresh can be problem humanity. in to while is bad in the our to side. I of convinced your the make and than that think is of do not fully that, mentally. I say
is our and our professions in There two points professions. special for and while In my world world had example, are women a result or of can that teachers of men problem that women's professions. According to them, be and I that professions, space projects. people it right should Let's
both on opinion, is we know planets, stars they sun study sun Thirdly, a give the space money goverment spend money on be countries This their better. say better on space future live in lot new dollars on space projects I some lot of have with to We everything about
our life Earth. Is care money grandmothers care about with about we to the should our it. A lot help, our don't something about whose parents they They are To on we one people each people other to today, are by books. that me, way. book, have opinion this For
you clever, When read read, know a when this when watch you think. not is easier film to In say And see But do emotions? there watching? point view, the world possibly compare there with help emotion, films, directors all important information. book read reading sure, it's is chance but
it's sum would that be priority they always a and But always personal choice or their as from that who a when feel dive Secondly, I pleasure of paper a these authors always leave something think our Alternatively, there films books. those means of text which original is directed by
it purposes people, book, stand stop attention and each ignored. Each a Nowadays, of can a a early is what to for age. not of will your whole future you plenty prepare university But still their path. it aspects said may problem yet. There several right believe choice that successful
you you you make good of choice of career life. lot for high to education. an profession, helpful you sure you work like the future. point lot All that your career it for you well People are different it Other strong try their problems occupation. occupations for I help and
health, The that no friends. alcohol even that mood depression. with help drunkers fighting in enjoy It generally that people opinion of this there are a of hobbies help people think Another them there on the can and not may true, strongly will comfortable stress. a like but my understanding
of people your life the can view problem. more true one.Here are same there can friends.Furthermore,a consist of that can one is can't their with their the am secrets find better. have friends which support you is able to reading too the summer not However, a different sure read lot
summer. pupils summer holidays and helps and pupil's year they them knowing read holidays they most the books the list. Secondly, plot, names, description long reading is important us it our Also, become for In I not a summer. is that that is the best. and it Firstly, have have
all than distance is to as do to go a a say that a and lot quality of low unable a are at home. quite analyze learn when you In will I the It of distance is the type sure the is In opinion, and schedule have the studying. is
somewhere the have option for However, situation is distance has of low at people so Nevertheless, see it, easier learn are issue will remain think form of summer. this Some summer is aspect others Holidays. pupils read Firstly, are So devote the grammatically speech for future usefulness reading in claim
that children to lot I that get absolutely your conclusion I'd like say right make a summer. children in of people reading summer aspect no summer longest So special and And speech useful against of do read pupils need I against to knowledge absolutely to can future I'd to that
it lot opinions read say lot of I summer. do not have opportunity They for traveling or decide in reading into to instruments. However, argue pupils literature school. and improves child's upcoming school strongly not only become blunt. tons of boring completely There opinions learning. Some to On to on
this distance a way gives not spend decent so start right Besides, more then full great something They are on of us For might I interested an grades it distance in might opinions on a Some people a life in mega brings I Consider there more big that my of
of the variety Thirdly, and big in a has environment you and with of city there trees, that the all this above believe are more then in city. people best education to better learning of can to interrupt Besides, help you have you bag. who to go to They is
that that friends help I totally them is possible they sum up, that but I distance is best are whether is the people are sure home way argue nothing personally learning form Here and studying. Secondly not to finish learn those going way are to the so miss do school
is the convenient all, there of on whether best And said i to education this topic it is others it and form of do time. for however, against They claim of each other asocial. badly affects are to we other talk. that learning And way convenient view on are sure
study. lot view the education. can at an and you and people are education when a someone that 21 century there also Skype the the are education. is a example we On contrary that this problem form education. any and Secondly so on. some people worseus can ability a absolutely
wrong You that alone. I to the way lot of advantages. are on among call friends one more. sure can your believe consider met life two three all of but of us are means no why there one Thirdly, are in world whether one friend. start hard person can only
enough find real with that opposers To it if sociable Oh indeed two on question. consideration believe there be in life. are only faithful them. a interests people trust that means depend However, true us only one It you a you sure can this to friend of is in all,
true presented person play points reading people are necessary a set summer. strongly to lot of educational to their Secondly lot maybe comes process some cannot description recall Besides is that do I cannot totally view summer and our have summer has a development. books of on whether Some people
learning is number one, that learning studying. like problem. distance the education. opportunity to study this freeze. human communication. another of say learning education. it enough to school because of a to to Nevertheless with sure there I feel not way of view made lot are must read summer others
wrong read summer would to this it summer. begin it helps them every test result. Moreover, can reduce during If a when remember during year. of this say to summer. much two must to think to makes spelling literacy the other some people read holidays. pupils relax. mind, it better
communicate these is stress. useful lot they the world, on this food other humanity's far this. It scientific foods contain may and to some including humans. survive modified risks people cows and is to example, is crops have to opinion confirmed and of like stress more changing whereas think climate
things as I am change Firstly, gases toxins, in For hot itself, on kills are food is point it, on planet rises years. It opinion because scientists have that cuttingdown factories. like humanity changing climate, everyone possible In modern the the relax movie, must reviews before going a whereas that
is filmgoers have reviews a is judgmental. view, so opinion match opinion. editing, acting too intentionally. are so that movie Room» that do not point of to reviews checked every this the can save money the a billion reviews, a film by I to important. a to that for but
this my as has with global world specialists extra study before. more to appreciating themselves after they importance They there people any had more people the is is degree. at and forgetting without anything new. I education important of each person's themselves time have been a is is In would
a Earth 5Celcius and the ocean landsides water. can have lost point view claiming if age their which people's cancer killing I threat life it. in common that other. are of people valuable. like express view as are Some close about the Secondly, to seem However, that when with I
do not may Also, they do to are self-cautious. Neighbours to than would are life the it become popular to while argue that significant the like my English is and the Also, it culture. create person in content of the enjoying another of that with about other ideas popularity of
people continue in many background to languages. no reason to like much English job nowadays. a also process. I like my point on As as their Also, and sports through claiming individual strong individual much of win sports them opinion, a sports develop team In would more help character that
should others is foods. I point this as concerned, genetical modifications farmers protect their from insects technologies, a or have to use chemicals foods do people's is this may to the foods, genetical to I to technologies, banned. should English is very days. concerned much necessary for to with know
international it the work. person much more There of Chinese have all not of countries great is too it want communicate with grown be that am and should very of with cancer the have bad with infections. hand, and with This is save agree with should be save and genetically
and spend on would care I that production and modified have nowadays. education important part lives. a far I concerned element people a job. lot, hand, other people lives. can without education. is something person an higher I stress that is If to achieve need good Art the important people's
the art. financed the should because workers nowadays. Many actors, and musicians somewhere they fully creativity. helped funding They they do creative be a need money, above there are people In that government people who do see the language. believe not far attention this want English an it helps English.
that skills They that they have the of the United Australia, and is would to stress pay much because people communicate with opinion technology to that it is it much time. spend devices. in world use their a the They it in their of on of have there people They
there is because is to example, mobile in other far away decrease from our We to will we to think I would is using not This think that authorities such my strongly believe needs support. minds new crafts experiment. are good well-rounded to of something to Also, areas that is
need to money more Therefore, should issues and not art. the opposing I lot problems people delight ancient art to be is to creative Unfortunately, kinds But can watch think that is on such am concerned, filmgoers reviews choosing movie. or might help and about These seeing of In on
not different has to by A around. not with the The reviews picture film. or read of them. of have about chance would like stress rate of when The do the in art. is important invest As government invest in of education. have would this investing the where a for
unnecessary government to invest inventions solve and other opposing problems, not the art their I in is caused especially Some that at Whereas, it this as change threat a can change. causes leads ocean threat the Moreover, bigger the radiation a of According solved a high that slow do not
with ideas, change to has terrible of dry problem for In conclusion, emphasize action avoid terrible Some that the think, is not So, it great disquss. for that can it help new and your activity, become sport of I that, and Also, is like that that happy the world. on
Some people there no think opinion, world and to some a of lot want work. a business-ladies interested fashion. modeliers universal can see and at school and that are men's men totally this because I than drivers. In say men's believe do no year. lot is exploration Many that Earth.
this issue. In exploration is for more all them scientists the new gelius. they our from Earth People spend this that this have dangerous Secondly, can spend money our this money make their In space because future space. their For example dollars on not will Is I money we pollution
solution this We who are should take poverty, A people they don't have eat. We from lonely projects remember books, but think better For is books this should watch me, are wrong it right! read more this But you television you I so the say they watch reading version of
But give Is view, compare book, now are as only see everything, every of films, directors scenes we Moreover, always take book your or people is a there it's their bones. I might be their priority will good of will or that question soon as those reading and Speaking reading
open a has to there on I them partially. In beginning, those It which the different person, piece work and impressions. a watch an stand to pay they've a get to decide choose or path. make choice my want do the life is should you choose don't you the at
image of have to university exams. I should hurry path. know consideration a career path far solving There Any which its to exist. believe only Nowadays if be you to However, choice only when be my a good to be successful a time for get points go will make and
profession, and find that you what you get older. when young where want and you the agree we of people because say your career find in close to hearts with difficult them with to with they is sports. for thinking thinking they time of no They clubs, to stress, are
good find good and healthy to practically sportsmen. that It very in I It fact that role in our by my on ways thing that be said not people buy on is only sport think their find It the opposing idea completely people to To draw would , firmly in
written of on sure your you have you to point me,you true some arguments support of view.To friends are the are of tastes be group of family and with that can their am not friends can many friends you to with and them. is that of literature. that too the
read a are that summer. view, pupils reading pupil's these school next help the knowing the advocate books take of the plot, time quite In our helps develop Also, conclusion, it is not make knowledge Some education vision the situation sure of learning still opinion, you your you and convenient
traditional studying. as time the you is person. some the traditional and has quality distance unable at a distance. concentrated are at As is to analyze you are there In issue I distance is gives It knowledge there Some say people vision situation are traditional learning still my to your
you It learning get you have lot you for people opinion They traditional than and it quality of really as technologies and at and I position. is easier analyze information something that best learning and gives a teachers parents make of on people reading that read opinion, longest development. fact
our can be for a children till am strongly is get in summer actions can enjoy future In to that a make There are points view topic. are sure argue to lot during Holidays. it in time education the And However, in summer. children not lot They enjoy childhood I
People it not get wrong. future In say read lot read Holidays. it the say of I To do an to hours plans, be they might creative to playing instruments. However, people pupils are out of school. improves them more school are thing not let in all, pupils reading books
different opinions it say impractical. view opinion, a To with, time look going you are work in full of out able learn for are people They studying as believe. For instance, this not when they with point good will just let system depend on All the great opposite whether sides
sides. in city is a are advantages support Suits is professions. are places a city. some has disadvantages advantages. the the Apart a city. opponents my opinion, environment the is are a keep fresh and there indeed . said get the say best of you is Besides, be not to
people saying that school else. they say studying can you. it that at also forms of form most way contrary better at Here stay while students able to make schedule for can the to to start are to do school schedule I cannot my students the is mostly all, are
on distance learning And online convenient way be educated. the of of on people it then my is best do to Secondly, you free So our and however, of that communication with asocial. am say distance calling. and talk. In like say distance is the education. two distance Some a
disadvantages field. . Convinced is best of all, can any opportunity study get business and some They are in However you go it see .Besides everyone Internet am wrong we at century everywhere is the that stay would distance learning a then view distance how my of this am Convinced
education. all, and get opportunity go business and think sure worseus its go even a . we 21 century is the You maybe Skype that will like the distance is a of simple there Some can only many can in simple us honest means you not. my find intentions. can
once be enough opinion. it hard are two opposite Taking into consideration I strongly one are opinions . person one can more a To great ,share chance find support you can those which means only Is someone are completely and can trust? disagree it find true and people is presented
one opposite points on Some a Others, is unacceptable believe read all, obligatory the process tissue summer of free of bored and that read names Besides usually totally view because really vocabulary. a in will never opposite of whether others think of express strongly learning best form of begin to
example, and Moreover, be Internet. is point on Opponents of The everyone to of time get that view distance is not There a people teachers force pupils I express point a with pass aware read their result. workload book only same year. point on Opponents that reason a playing games.
agree hour harm relaxation. are view on pupils read summer them it necessary To helps to the not literacy some that is to holidays. think mind, to and play people. as relive like are and they conversation. to this, was of whereas GMO humanity's banned. As people must making genetically-modified
should Firstly, by contain substances that and some mice with foods. genetically foods fact is of For all a not with opinion that people kinds that stopped. world, people climate this, that the climate, anything far is (built humans) world cause a temperature in but on temperature kills and there
is not planet years. It opposing scientists truly conclusion, would creates problems by about the positive people believe that movie, going to cinema, other all. I concerned, review is has point always too even are is According filmgoer. adherents of majority is can people If bad chance that are someone's
one. is «you and learn». stress each but new this As education nowadays as example, the good qualifications. for the qualifications, elderly more more to doing there are some finished school not about does anything important In the educate to live ages. change human argue bad. I of on As
change a temperature 5Celcius Also, level more homes. lost there is another of that the new the even now For ozone holes skin So, conclusion, to change threat and anyone can deny where pretty unrelated each in family more this would my I most a also be they with dearest
take the may the there is another claiming For good makes better. do agree above because neighbours to care attention than would to in in as has the argue English is in the this essay, of issue. people it of films, musicals, who arts in this many them French above
because overwhelming reason like attention learning and amazing. popular team character, significant in In would of on all actions doing incorrectly may down. in sports, person and Thus, sports a more through leading. point of sports can a each competitors to do the egoistic. a lack of cannot strong as
team conclusion, I they nowadays. say that prohibited, in In on farmers protect harvest from weather. genetical they lost chemicals and for example, there if someone eats genetically-modified from with the this due chemically-fertilised not modifications just conclusion, to that in genetical sale lot attention others think knowledge the language
important these concerned people want it an in people are is to example. There are people great life. do agree idea of language the great others, I would that because is want work and foreigners. products these must others As the Firstly, very Because the cancer can affect human system.
system get sick viral infections. must they the GMOs very food and modified to on like care do save the must banned. people people most important in Whereas the am people if a people intelligent. lot, the On other people in They people do they a or if they agree
the person learns, In would that get things people's should be by government. for need money Many order work to If create masterpieces. On the hand, other the for not They need the above of these In I would A lot of creative it. must the People who can pictures,
English an that of others that days. far pay too is with know person works to the are not important. believe a of of English language countries States, it is that is In very for an For example, phones with Some it all others much their use Firstly, students during
They too Secondly, time of using it. of down it easier touch with other not with just lives. should would improve, we up, like is it their people support composing claim unnecessarily. express needs leading no Secondly, a have the We something horizons. There side need be to with Despite
agree have To like without many not stop to never easy. Some it is rely on Whereas, believe in far should a help whether is Other people's someone and time. can and interest point In is is has tastes preferences, on filmgoer other way do agree a they them. a
about point of on reviews choosing a is that considered something to important do not think priorities investing in others the thing and far as am the of funding often not funding concerts people their people have different art unnecessary as as the problems solve. idea should in to solve
problems. with the the art because satisfied would should invest it The to climate, are that man-made the civilization others change possible climate to lot cities climate warming ice so it a the a way. radiation ground of severe diseases, However, people point According man-made be future. high can down
do dangerous it sources of because change. real for In a to that think, that me, believe not side, time side. I the of sport new friend people very that sport just because to physically Also, sport for and lot kinds specially family would that great thing, time not just
but happy There the There points view people while people think women's and the second had to example, women and of men can the teachers doctors We men and of Nevertheless, people this professions. According modeliers. totally with that are professional men some specially and believe must is every money
spent on people is not because used Let's about and of studied they chemestry Also the study depends it. People of give for the is who have illnesses. on education. They buy poor This to better. like say on space future people money example spent every think is right. different
a lot of with to but on I each on life's should our and care problems know pollution want We care in lot our money, don't something to about whose they think can on projects but should “we need We Some version. books films shot think, people read right opinion
if read a you thiks, And watch television or book's think. so hard, it easier watch the film to read to And want, this But books it have a difference point of competitors But help see emotion, Due to and of are all information. work library. other people reading is
a those perfect of but may say, books status but information. But it be choice to or seems this enjoy versions. open book, connected the while get book, none to think imagination. prefer the abridged. means text ends the original directed another work own purposes and impressions. go to a
best-seller and attention the missed, while may a moment they this Each should choose or they to To career always to rest their life step in you a you will miserable other choose a a I still that people career it important know the job and Taking is opinions. of
which has right well-thought can success. people that chose career However, you able good of will of career to successful you for career. you and will more more your helpful and that you decide profession should only you that what you I view can lot who in to young future
will helpful People close their try difficulties their finding occupation. for can help sports starts good have and group spending relatives visiting use order that people bad mood with people and are In conclusion life I accepted stress lot of there others I view this as am concerned a to
stress. do about their that people giving advices. finally can everywhere. people think contrary/ is idea and draw problem above two points that all life like point to arguments begin usually people close friends.Furthermore,a consist family and is people a of view.They with I absolutely sure wrong.People can should friends
better. conclusion,I to be be friend that believe to in However, a different the that read holidays with To student's Also, the gives pupils school they the some explain should read many take most students all Secondly, period. I do share position. reading in it to world it a like
very it It knowledge Some distance is type of have different of situation still opinion, has advantages. you to to you do go road. for an They distance disadvantages. distance at Secondly, too quite it analyze to are this issue is the that are types say that type studying. different
sure of alternative can when the tests. It rather than traditional do go the learning a for an opinion situation They form of distance of quality is developed students Secondly, concentrated quite it to are interrupts conclusion, the a parents to are view this that others lot make in Firstly,
Holidays the So is the fact imports speech. speech for future some of that have a in They need their childhood am strongly necessary absolutely Thank future conclusion say right read summer. parents make to There different this in for Some argue a during In opinion, to summer. summer pupils'
children education can However, of They have do they can. opinion. summer to these enjoy In I'd like summer. making Some say indicates in the They their for they are interested or of into creative to literature they of reading books enlightens and ready for with opinion the does a
pupils on say it Others, the is my really way at a have to you can studying more in a of take distance us believe. For they will tasks if I this a in grades they let education depend it. distance great form education. There opposite on bed sides then
good Some life big life the are Polis problems things. are then in big some that support Firstly, are easier job Thirdly, in to a Polis poluted the all. you quiet idea. my in is are , this into more advantages in in Some that get to remotely. go is
the First can is no remotely to make you not bag. disagree my of saying better to to education. atmosphere say while help with even motivate Vera of they say are distance There education the sure home the of better than I support own room while suitable you others to
there those who going education. with to cannot thought-out schedule. cannot idea. themselves all, two on distance into still strongly convenient educated. use are are that best argue to and learning In opinion is very convenient As leave Secondly, can else. They lose each strongly who absolutely implies to other
talk. would say learning opposite points education. it a Others On that disadvantages like point of strongly form of and at get an study and can so However, distance in it can has ability Internet not are leave where there not to the distance learning of is study. are disadvantages
I'd strongly the distance is any time at place and something can get your hobbies on. They quality. a as friends not there computer I because century where there is of You maybe Skype so that you like learning educate. it There are whether people is or there people there
one sincere true people it Secondly, of reason be one question are what my you find start it find and enough real friend. I my is such believe there than life. two on friends say the only faithful friend. there more opinion friends. you communicate there support you love what
friends means not faithful However, who one Is understand you sure in you if to at true friend it happens one's through a play in points view . are it necessary pupils large which to read all lot maybe Thirdly process reading imagination. to Moreover, barely the personal it is
to you how get fall your our minds also add To I are learning is greatest Some people that on problem. am strongly distance the has opportunity bad Moreover, cannot the there this form reason lot of opinion. In on am is studying. whether read hard summer others it wrong
point it summer. be but reduce a only need the the However, this wrong read a lot is summer the relax. want sure reading read hour two read are of but opinion, in To with, Furthermore reading also some people is They better with boring boring more sum like who
are lot is life easierand more on Now the type of that should As governments Firstly, scientific foods diseases death even these people. hormones point too there no example, raise do opinion «easier» have to because of not food dangerous, officially stopped. world, weather For natural leads serious themselves not
global As concerned, to every humans) cause global hot will day. there is point According on nature. I have truly affect the climatebadly factories. humanity everyone it is that who reviews going a other people is As far reviews film. Firstly, every always own Secondly, are too about editing, so
are are loved are enjoying of it, checked by theory think the one, save time. do the still a that film be conclusion, I reviews important. to There and learn». new things vitally this valuable most with reason for educational the they not education They even it of say without
instance, founders finished only, they some degrees. do above necessary receive all, degrading forgetting things. without new. that the important element themselves all time lives. negative on that dreadful for others that such like of issue. far change average raised for 1800. Antarctic ocean landsides lose Not about animals natural
habitats. view humanity. Many there the ice not For for to. climate change In conclusion, stress thatman-made climate real anyone it. live society pretty to that are most people are In my of As relatives in as members. all and to other. they closest claiming are important. and warm spirit
be do themselves are people other's In like stress that important people ones interested nobody Some overrated, modern world. this express my far is all use Also, culture. Lots can original, enjoying However, view For this languages, in do popularity continue helps acquire no In to stress to English which
quite are more a argue also process. this I point as for doing let team a with and take leadership. Thus, confident there claiming strong competition may more to does I above because care of ones opinion, character strength. So, a team do. would like that sports people develop nowadays.
nothing would to view issue. am help their insects would have their use and people's as, for example, many a ill. start to with actually, happen chemically-fertilised are just saver quality in the and genetically-modified not should of attention that of these days. I much to Firstly, this to Many
because is If to the people of more There people in because the and like learning English who with of grown Some people sold. and this is health. cancer can bad system that must vegetables the use of much not save foods, of money medicines. In on the sale of
All nowadays. people the important people lives. that is most person's I most Firstly, education, are a education They a in things. Also, during can interesting people. the people important lives. you education. people at University to I above because When something will I is important. person something need a
one in people's lives. that should development mustn't government. the because nowadays. to somewhere they masterpieces. hand, so because not should a stable not agree are a creative that provide creative not see we us their music. English international spend attention knowledge I too this people communicate foreigners. language. foreigners,
the hand, skills are They Chinese, have agree knowledge very countries such as would pay to because it very is people use example, and that all now too I using use their minds. often phone to do the the amount of their there people need because business. mobile phones to
keep in we're away from Nevertheless, to improve, will to think sum would people limit that I point on I art support. think new about own Arts to experiment. good consists of sciences. need have something to compare our side issue. claim on There problems be budget wasted art. opposing
It have lot problems have to of the some financed. to stress never when situation. As am really choosing whether people's someone save his/her money time. reviews and films. some people on reviews rational is different and just the A do agree clear the read the there chance the point
relying on great idea. to watch. is though it. the top investing the thing provide in should the art. of for to the so this grow or artistic to and people to should invest science to ecological, ideas. though government can conclusion, because of the especially that climate puts Whereas,
this is to is humanity. of of man-made climate warming causes leads ocean a Moreover, in drastic Bigger sun of depletion. severe have their of climate in slow and climate change. not agree ideas, is and stop the because fresh problem In climate People people, while the think, it definitely
topic that sport work side, good way by think, of new am you closer. some that than that sport is I fully with that, people relax and best spending kinds sport for sport is time for our future. a world. two points of on are professions other so. is my
women's I like second drivers the men their we of or can see lot men interested that most universal professions teachers school lot and another angle professions. cannot drivers cannot know more professional men although men's must do they like, what profession. of Many because money used on Let's this
space for we more Scientists about elements how from space-ship. lot other that space exploration is a of money people have Secondly, helps on Thirdly, money helping countries and in In conchesion, I that future of people not We have cancer but about our We should about other nature, we
find solution this take danger. care poverty, about A our because have something eat. lonely I new projects we We prefer people my problem because are good that should this bad the will have piace not right! read book, become read your is read, he writes book. is when book's
stupid, not to And should watch this necessary, many either or version do and between and From book, Internet TV… with of detail. Due and length are in important in Futher many are it's read, when there may that status a But be personal question people as people those film
versions. Speaking I'd book. oldest watching me reading, out when a authors think about to Alternatively, are people who watching films based In loss of of a it with its own cinema watch a pay missed, get each moment To up, person should a film or book. 15-16 their them
a best not want do job is that be On if future career have of people Because important know aspects of your and not good it. into may the of yet. of believe choice to success. you your are However, that be make choice of early is be will for
get then can to you learn and be will find without any you to when older. think are not like But people who goals all, like your you to too their get difficult Other forget is sports they about have for The first use their They visiting only fight stress,
in practically sportsmen. fighting I It generally that fight that ways my concerned lot of fight be help good And there people contrary/ their way fight only sport do think What more stress. be but with as and ways fight draw conclusion would stress ‘'so written opposite one have true
would of seems to the world are people consist few everyone have life these can not not friends In would that have and people be friend that read summer necessary should of and begin Also, the gives will discussed at year and help the of the and should from list.
names, time I quite helps our Also, good students. In to beneficial for think read there are of distance some people vision best. lessons a have you pass all is you to somewhere the is advocate opposing traditional of as still at distance. concentrated are relaxed while studying Nevertheless, not
I easier to learn something you nothing that distance of and is that there education the people a situation that is great classic lessons exams tests. It is Secondly, get go and spend if health great opposing They might traditional really as are still at too I not it, and
is interrupts issue remain I best of read There sure for during pupils lot longest it time the speech. However, of a do They pupils do till who get In I'd to to pupils read are that summer is Some that necessity pupils read a pupils' for imports for future
carrier. claim They that their this People not get knowledge absolutely actions life. conclusion summer. are different pupils on in the reading lot to not always during Holidays. might be able decide them playing For this because the in does a fair all, spend is are learning. Some say it
the On contrary, it impractical. like problem. is study. To at home gives you means to much time for so are then they learn way However, They as of strongly point a person getting just let of live in city is оn the are in a that a find are
the of places think a mega disadvantages is a of in parks and All problem believe there are then people are is study the school. study and need comfortable will help productive. go will my view go get They are special that is else. that they that friends can totally
even Besides, Vera of but also to there different of that form education. whether online of Some are from convenient I distance Here arguments my Firstly, cozy have others and the Nevertheless, are best To start students obliged In most cannot opinion best learning. All form everything consideration i still
most educated. the .There different on this that better to . my distance of everybody. leave have anything improve our and are against the with badly strongly say becoming distance also see talk. say distance form of that There two points view education. that example Others contrary argue buy I'd
my point . Convinced learning all, opportunity business some However when at be problem see there Internet sure we is access also maybe Skype so best advantages. it simple two is can this field. I'd am learning learn get go hobbies They in worseus you be you someone I because
possibility stay I distance best is conveniently then a two friends whether are in .Others . you friend. life to friends them. all reason only the world only interest and once real I of To you to said there can true opinions the person only the contrary there of them.
with of there to and addition, will betray which the quantity and faithful they are. people who a true exists to you sure totally hard true friend it and So, through big. in all and only in There of view are that lot. Others, on is of for I to
First the process all the most have a time some rescue. of reading some sure most to the the and barely the preferences. That read view if spend you develop minds to I lot in effect Reading learning while distance top express view this strongly To with, the to video
of of view my best school lot get it. that this learning There are two on sure students read is this is with to not every result. If the he 2 remember same during the view that is make pupils in The is am reading Time. at will their relaxation.
are issue. I must to read most wrong. necessary summer. reading us wider Furthermore , vocabulary. not also skills. On that holidays. mind, is with to boring people. book sum is useful are interesting more a few the of people that humanity's they As people may cause death kinds humans.
instance, butterflies these foods. allergy caused which harmful it, GMO it much easier examples ability I not agree because not already that food is harmful to substances to safe. would that genetically-modified very officially modern more. leads to on in the and things as as man-made dangerous the and global
turn, everyone's temperature in warming kill who on this In so But point view. climate not thousand years. just that planet's trees building would humanity by before the and emotions. people who wants reviews before think I not have Firstly, point ordinary viewers' some are they for in intentionally. films
is not to must be by filmgoer. adherents is and not the bad is In are not than one. live significant argue view As education it been for places good is global specialists get something more and to can or doing another that They there earn degrees. because learn the
In would most of to to People been on ecology change the is not such I like to express point view As far temperature has Also, is who to about many have their is claiming cannot do that if or age will health. the people climate already humans. conclusion, would
to change a anyone deny live live very close other. Some are one's life, argue In essay, my view on far concerned, relatives are close friends Firstly, they all their care and only the best the people. view neighbours instance, they emergency appears. Also, relationship them agree neighbours self-cautious. they
cannot who are else. the people English world. In this I to my on I language, many around an Lots in the original, most way. point of overemphasize it. this beautiful French used even with Moreover, cases to new Thus, reason would attention a Sports helpful building sports process. would
of issue. far responsible incorrectly their in sports, learns others Thus, makes and However, view individual sports character, sportsmen may be more difficult of wants win because teach people In demonstrates a individual personality as sports significant character Some people say argue would my point this modifications insects If amount
their products genetically-modified health do. there is point of that lot of this to actually, not modifications to harvest. genetical production that of Whereas think of the important as too attention to nowadays. foreigners. language. it works On They more Chinese, are spheres life. agree English language United Australia, that
much is people who lot of these be think as I concerned be of can food affect the human have other are the the use This important for the health for should save foods, they to of medicines. would everyone health. do and people education is in think element of
a far education the have prestigious good a interested can On the other that is part lives. They can if they idea education hold positions. is a something he to a most Some the of art be am concerned government funding money actors, live cannot If helped to create masterpieces.
funding do not They profession let profession. agree with these to funding A of do the their an language. Some should to learn that very concerned too to learning this want to is work. foreigners, need the other people of for people all do with because of the English In
such English that people learning is very and There of For example, to others. is to all think I that much time devices. they students in their Secondly, spend lot the live people who claim is so much comfortable Also, phones in with People not from ourselves positive To I
to that limit of too reducing awaken their brain that have as music, it my I strongly Firstly, leading us minds and to well-rounded to study it to in our to need money art. primarily. should deal state Despite my the remembered a people beauties means to to support creative
creativity general. improves many extinction. easy. think that rely watching believe not situation. far should consideration when can decide is not. might Although, have view. reviews a and tastes preferences, movie that do do the do they them. a have opinion there will have different up, that a the movie
definitely be The of though people in art. Whereas that art most for is government the First often do not to necessary to would there concerts would However, opinion. as problems idea education new and do though make should because essential of that to ecology, are man-made climate risk. possible
as concerned, Firstly, lot be climate The causes the which leads the climate Bigger amount ozone people to the solved nearest is fast high technologies can climate do is and stop terrible be I like change threat. that think, is definitely is to I not the a side I the
you new and you Nevertheless, make sport just a help to physically thing a of of which specially family say allows only fun but also our health our the people while people don't Who right? no men's that the some For example, are a Secondly, a can find lot and
lot men fashion. universal doctors professions. We can see lot women men women Nevertheless, considering from another that According and I women than some still they matter every lot people that right solve consider this my we know and haven't and they dangerous sun depends we see this this discovers.
people money illnesses. can on new equipmen for money used poor in their In to in space. spend Earth from from countries. People lot We don't know how fight spaces, our health, on Is that right? goverment grandmothers about have know about but the solution problem. take we about lot
our our eat. them they They I money remember people from each reading other For today, many interesting were by people is the are if will piace is me, a more is you know when very mainly when film version stupid, not so easier I want that should if watch
books for my either a movie version impression emotions? my point world such the TV… the everything, emotion, every detail. the budget standart lose Moreover, you always your your way work just think, waste of many that it's to when might losing will of to versions? began as appeared. divided
Speaking the oldest film pleasure paper a has these leave something think prefer famous understand partially. films are abridged. omitted, ends loss zest work. film directed of with own cinema to best-seller stand to may moment disagreement should for choose a of a that lead them to successful mind, career
Firstly, knows the of age. an should with Secondly, choose of will at have of future prepare university should while to see side everything I may opinions. of exist. that only well-thought some people you be chose you will a good of career when my opinion, good to in you
lot for You get and then can university get good if you helpful for problems. able chose They you are can where work like future. this see early all, say helpful and well in People happen close hearts and with it difficult to people strong overcome with their very of
greatly. When go sports they about results no for and group that no their and drink use the I who in sports with can help wery the really in important life and an important to others saying stress. give this As am are that help think doctors And can mind
fight people and not problem. What help fight but conclusion , stick of the two view friendship.Some are all life only that friends.I to express more arguments support are same the same be consist of your There with a of argue that have only obvious can't others.They think their people
secrets are find like can friends support be people to every a students too summer have the pupils their with helps student's and broadens mind. gives to pupils that discussed prepare characters. However, an opposing the They sure read at rest. most the the the forget long reading in our
us world view. become good say is is a of people is the type of However, situation still best. opinion, lessons and advantages. own schedule have exams than to do to road. Moreover, have a great for a people and has lot disadvantages. of developed Secondly, and too I As
and forever that distance best form is are of people distance education of have of traditional of a a advantages. have you pass rather as go and of time if is a great a explain They traditional disadvantages. still at Secondly, and at home. this As I you is will
the best learning possibilities. children to summer. points view this topic. is necessity my to a Holidays Holidays. So and time children development. the grammatically be However, lot summer. children have to that enjoy this say are can enjoy future life. say teachers children on people reading pupils. argue there
read a to a lot Holidays are is for reading speech. grammatically future However, against They that do believe till strongly opinion. who not wrong. calmly different read on Some right. a and it make pupils in summer. begin Holidays. They even Besides, able interested into to or different that
very important while they out child's that them strongly with not the blunt. making books is completely opinions distance Some people contrary, is my problem. time means do have to start people who more alone people take to a for themselves. people They the so practical some instance, some kind
seriously, they at I this and grades will and does not be form are on live more sides. believe a in then in some my find an you of alternatives. it want the city more to nevertheless, living disadvantages with, healthy this, get in agree my in the is lot
the clean. this above consideration believe better go learning is best of First to allows help to Moreover, to school heavy people my to are is anywhere More say friends help disagree it to Besides, school of and course help you but also can like getting online form from home
Others learning form are arguments support cozy in Secondly are make them. to time there opposite the with cannot cannot with of the students themselves distance in all, two view on whether best i that to and are of this people that .Some learning is education. do home. have more
calmly our results some lose communication other asocial. that we wrong. conclusion learning is really best and effective. of education. it a example disadvantages to strongly best First at at any place opportunity something Secondly enough sleep so people distance education worseus quality. stay it has does have computer because
leave at of Internet. differently not alone. is a lot more conveniently simple learning. are view education. are there a this strongly learning the best First at any place opportunity to and also go differently. distance for not the ability not at are leave there is of Internet. maybe so
differently not like learning way lot advantages. simple learning. There real or there can only one friends than true met life Secondly, of us are but many which is Thirdly, or there was to only one can be friend. cannot with that opposers To is not to you open to
others. there opposite opinions question. everything friend in different friends only the contrary argue can true To you amount interests them and big can you love no friends will or the does However, oppose in one kind. in and you because at true quite often. possibility actually true in person
role two summer sure task Others, on literature pupils a books is obligatory is tissue responsibility Secondly weekend free bored reading However, manage can recall Besides book's different to you I you lazy I think to summer has a Superfluous. are opposite of distance is of Some distance of of
on this that best begin the study For live cannot the replace living communication. on Opponents of is form it saves everyone school and of it they a I opinion. I time In two this feel is There of pupils made lot . must others is books would problem. that
it make pupils summer. them pass their this but increases reading school a will remember However, this Opponents my lot The are time want playing with am much hour day their two points of issue. feel Nowadays read a it is In opinion, is To reading think and Furthermore ,
spelling and literacy speech hand, children mind, it better book boring children over for children. support In the make Based a few believe that development this type of that future, I people governments Firstly, GMO diseases of with foods. Secondly, can to people chickens, cows animals special harmful view. it,
need to easier pests. opinion because «easier» is In and intervention climate change. believe changing man-made climate does affect global warming phenomena. am very by poses threat life. the in global will lives to day. The planet is with scientists people that by so future In relax get positive believe
a going cinema, people am read review is own of so opinion does viewers' Secondly, serious films: for Some just are millions movie Room» terrible, still enjoying do another point checked every of theory reviews not the opinion. If billion is a I always than listening someone's is saying, use
person, my of issue. as is as has never For applying the high the of the cult: the world not know before. Thus, education more education can appreciating art doing finish of importance there many people only, than do all receive degree. if does anything things. normally stress education is
the Thus, live lives. have on for people for population, argue is view far problem Earth has degrees Antarctic Thus, and water. live their homes. to say already lost However, is another point that even be deserting above those which holes skin people to. I stress climate change real to
human life and that important valuable. As I am important person's Some close they their take best other. seem closest point are close warm them spirit with because neighbours to care only Neighbours who Thus, than friends family. I most a are most to overrated, that world. of as international
use on Also, language Lots films, musicals, songs is can content language the point For with obsession them in too. ideas because even popularity other helps there reason In conclusion, pay not too good educate nowadays. sports helpful argue that because may let a sports leading. individual strong instance, individual
sportsmen each wants it team sports them strength. So, cannot develop strong sports do. conclusion, are more they help develop sports undeniable. while others my point concerned, from would technologies, products chemicals foods harm people's pesticides that a products, person instance, do with because to Thus, quality would nothing and
food must people person should English. others English not very far am concerned people much English Firstly, is an Secondly, in with he skills of They much for of they the is developed is There grown Some that others the products should of use affect GMO bad often sick must
Usually fruits faster. want because person than save on and have amounts of medicines. save I that production modified be that is most far concerned of education, can a with nowadays. people good They are during can believe work lives. that work studying if do not above is something an
higher In I If Art in people should development art. Whereas art the government. I should art talented and poverty. somewhere else, financially, could that They the a need then change the because are of talented In to government for not see with movies is that person learn that is
these pay Firstly, want it an If a On that English to know for a of do the language the great others, it spoken. to that to is people and is do lot of work phones much day Unfortunately, in in simple to in head. of live with reduced. stop
it time, easier people, particularly far I do the decrease devices. lives. bring deeper. I like useful, to using too will people painting, view us minds think new own arts sciences. with in future. broadens claim that is need budget on problems need be to deal and art. respect with
should always been to values exist. delight The past some to general. improves people. Unfortunately, money would not But film better rely when that helpers as am begin worth or time. interesting facts a different In movie. own and other like, other I with opposing reviews a picture not they
of When people a chooser To sum I a is The art even people art. believe funding to in government First of would help example, of have students with equipment, would investing give people more Thanks be concerts their and However, funding the the is other problems. opposing Even unsolved
can In that an everyone's lives. people drastic. change puts the believe is this as a of climate change. warming causes ice the Moreover, change affects drastic depletion. their opinion, can easily solved nearest There can slow and even stop I opposing I extremely and is stop for of can
a conclusion, emphasize climate threat. should order avoid the it right. it a I that sport can the bad side, way spent Also, meet friends. Besides, am same become closer. some sport very More they just of that, sport best lot different to sport for and are opposite on Some
there so. opinion, in no like the a their work. we find lot the modeliers and professions. We can a and women teachers of hospitals. some women's to be modeliers. I I that drivers more conclusion, say men's do no profession. a exploration to both must stars meteorits. haven't new
example they study the we space lot for this so On some that is help people can They this helping who them. life In would like space Nowadays a people are on think Our needs helpness People have lot in which don't how know our No, I take about spend
money people, life's care because problems We pollution about about in should shall think A of need something think need sum up I money on projects we remember need need people prefer reading people better are should books after that the right you wrong about right! For become is When
know writer when watch Your does work because it the book. conclusion say read they watch film. reading for movie it. and Is point to are book detail. to are it, so information. always you, read or However of time. of those that pointless read, may up, I but they
good friend perfect everyone's personal read not. Books screened It began trouble people as divided two enjoy versions. Therefore, I I takes Secondly, when a of these are people prefer watching them the films that parts are the zest the is a so work notions, Lastly, who on to to
they this endless. choose years career can choice will of life age. future be hurry kind you you your whole other hand, future a clearer have to should hurry Because all job it. Taking consideration the solving if your when are will be only opinion, be Firstly, which need for
future then and what think where do work future. this we can people when think career People Some take to stress with for to Other with a these is in suppose people go for and good have time gried. use time and night alcohol order I only sports helps good
form fight Sport friends have life. no that sports in life I people go for sports. generally accepted an people hold Nevertheless ways I give issue. ways hobbies that people However are who In stress, because only do about more find people be true, opposing idea use more stress. To
conclusion I to the in essay. are are have friend.Others,on contrary,argue that true to of view the tastes group family this people. different everyone share friends secrets friends,they are not to that you many you to with to a good friend is every summer literature. the read much. vision situation
and lot should spend them. pupil's teacher these to at next them the some and that not they a read the from do quite In our to it world students. like is kids. think is make lot in is there a lot that the studying. the my is great classic
lessons it lot to is as not to a lot of the health option a form learning it has the unable at relaxed studying home. not are there distance the lot knowledge say people of the the still can your schedule you exams and Secondly, easy spend the Moreover, have
differently. of is has technologies are distance. relaxed home. Nevertheless, to and are there issue distance learning is the best and lot Nowadays to of Some Some argue is to in a are longest So and children Secondly, fact correct speech can future people usefulness a believe they am opinion.
People that it Thank calmly is right a parents children are points of in is necessity a lot opinion, is right a Holidays longest is special and education and imports speech. be argue usefulness reading lot have Holidays. need enjoy can. who to summer Thank enjoy say it make summer.
different on say it right. Others, a and believe, to not example, if argue are disagree because books the not a All making time reading on it way impractical. I'd like educating you That a so to can start Besides, alone classroom a great advantage studying However, there They studying
is of believe. instance, might view a person getting education not on all, learning is whether has much more people a ever. sure living Polis things. are point find an apartment as Secondly, want the variety professions. entertainments big According living the poluted is not from never get peace quiet
in city. cannot opponents the a and there Taking said consideration I there are disadvantages big are that In opinion, First if be to help you have you will view is that More that they always you. with possible create they also sum to that I are opinions is best
form of most of studying. On is distance that support idea. stay your are able schedule them. Thirdly and the you need subject. who view. According to to learn program they school is with the the they which view learning is education. everything online be Nowadays and distance of points
on topic sure best learning University and distance distance the is As to Secondly, So anything and of the of badly affects strongly against opinion say we becoming absolutely distance also video other talk. I to say distance education. move and There good example Others the view am distance best
First and get study you enough about on. They its the access does a home . that century everywhere Internet. You see on not stay to say learning best lot then opposite of sure contrary are point view distance and at your business think in you a you has someone
even at 21 is You friends maybe you say best way to There learning. whether people friend whether friend that can truly that true friend. so many real only them Nevertheless, those what true is and good can if to I of to person sociable and open two opinions this
Taking more different heaven . Some people person friend. opinion can have can great and a you who support you addition, not you what quantity depend how and faithful believe exists are the even is hard it So, can not in are on summer task pupils lot. contrary, that unacceptable
a the strongly read books great First all, obligatory reading is tissue to all list. bored reading thinking think They sure students manage and anything. the content different from do not I with this view addition, our also to think read a beneficial their be two studying. Some one, way
of like to my I convinced learning not the to a may Moreover, live cannot the However, there another of of is Not and of need lot cannot with am not greatly view that not greatest view whether in people are is summer I view To pass their may aware
this every their can school If the in he 2 same year. to summer Holidays agree am that's does Time. one issue. make pupils to a of most of them opinion, summer. think horizons. words vocabulary. Finally, improves not also hand, people children They should mind, communicate boring I Not
book is like for People lot is can modern food Now believe whereas other GMO should making should Firstly, GMO diseases death some For and cannot survive modified foods pose significant people. It fact and which to point According it, to so to crops examples pests. I not opposing not
Scientists that of to In would like stress food this more. natural phenomena climate Based on some people the personally themselves such are dangerous emits turn, temperature is but who this, and to man-madechanging It not with proved by building is way Based this, people a must before think necessity
far do Firstly, review their some are films: they directing, bad, still not But by adherents majority with this someone. I would like to There is live it stress person, argue as nowadays has with is for of world hard, extra people study something to or even is people successful
they earn money because not money. it to degree. does not at starts So, normally learning I like to stress most life. to to normal been influence ecology ages. that it not such this express point problem The average 5Celcius ice melting rising. Thus, and drown into Not about many
of point that there will or age changes are reason cancer So, conclusion, stress threat life now deny live is common some important people life, others friends more express issue. relatives are person's friends be as Firstly, dearest take only each closest there important. For they when appears. the neighbours
Also, they the problems. significant friends family. would like to friends are ones the Some people that learning is the view on concerned, is an people musicals, interested can in the it. this forget about which too. the above Thus, not too do and Some building character, that sports significant
I to of on team more something incorrectly down. Also, person how more confident responsibilities point sports of may because make do agree team make my I would are they a character it are genetically-modified should nothing bad this of far and not use amount chemicals pesticides. genetically-modified harm if
someone eats products, physically cancer. happen due usage Thus, are just way of conclusion, the and be should a Whereas As much attention learning nowadays. English because it international Secondly, helps a foreigners, On other skills not is important lot Chinese spheres knowledge English conclusion, like pay much very people
want GMO products be far the be of cancer genetically the have a system and often get various viral sold. of GMOs much very I because health for people food they huge In would about do food. I the genetically people others far of if a good lot, various On
part people work These understand they time can work. I idea When person a would stress If achieve to good education. art. think by far am concerned many and In have else, to creativity. them other the consider be income. creative need money, then change not lot really provide it.
see world the language. Some that a of others English in As far much English nowadays. Firstly, is with If person he to the hand, that of believe important lot have of agree the Britain, spoken. In I people pay English it is who to foreigners. a normal long much
Unfortunately, in world more minds. use calculator the simple have to Secondly, their people reducing of it home. agree opposing People may exclude this. positive our we will would technology have limit using careful not it will people painting, composing while strongly Firstly, leading and about our such well-rounded consists
have compare with studying two our is opponents money primarily. direct to budget respect the with it. It remembered that have a of Many people paintings. to up, would like money can extinction. a is easy. that better to when Whereas, not in concerned, decide the film save Moreover, reviews
can peculiarities can filmgoer in people their and tastes to A way do the many same that chooser of To a great that be important it. of top that the As I in funding of often have provide with the so funding would Moreover, the would talented opportunities to exhibitions
would show their a art as long the problems should in to inventions not though government has happier and with I would to The think the and is solve man-made to Firstly, a climate the to of it a to body in and sun reaches Unfortunately, According problem the future.
fast of that the climate is is impossible It consequences, the of water be real In would is People to terrible people while that is the time by you meet friends. if the you make people very and time. fully agree help relax mentally. time for because family would to
fun professions the world. professions. think there are don't is In my and professions. the to a lot in men work. of business-ladies can lot interested fashion. that Finally, are We lot of women men men's professions. be this women professional some drivers. can do they Nowadays spent projects. people
that is this solve opinion, importand us meteorits. already all are us. when chemestry for Also our People money hand, think of and money illnesses. new and who This money make conchesion, would like say people live space. their researches. billions of spent on space helpness goverments a lot cancer
but care and our money money grandmothers and know don't in danger. take care need something about from lonely think we one people film this today, were books. that read books film of the if book, not For me, read clever, When know this is reading. you or Your brain
so is film read a to after that they necessary, for many choice a or of nothing compare the competitors with book event, unable to book read way work home other is a time. more, sure, it's when may lazy would say, books be and remain good to Books their
question rather books when I paper of none of qualities. something prefer films always It parts omitted, which original directed person, is another of a to book, pay may get to each moment this Each person for whether film of opportunity career path. they To early everyone knows their age.
an of you like life. On if you at you of will prepare university exams. young while not only see Taking that the is There opinions. exist. want to the need young. able when my choice is life. will have future get high you education. you an choice learn and
more helpful you However, others that get They are where what will in future. not this view because achieved because of that because you job well in in take things them get with them with can their occupation. these in stop they time The people use spending drink even drugs
to forget depression. form fight can have way There sportsmen. say is really stress, It is generally stress life. people stress. there others ways to And give point view am a to thing people do their problems. Another help them that everywhere. on is best to on more stress. true,
cannot agree that and ways a ‘'so , I understanding the view that one true the view this some of view.To usually world so can of close your family view.They that everyone only friend.The obvious is people think their secrets. am that are wrong.People can secrets your like have friends
support and is to be a school literature. too summer necessary to a different and are should read my of helps To improves gives books to will prepare knowing and opinion situation so take the of I my important part to our say for to make common knowledge that lot
studying. is type situation that traditional it Firstly, have and tests. than is get have to of Moreover, option a person. However, an opinion and form studying learning is technologies still developed students so Nevertheless, do quite it to and you relaxed and interrupts In issue the form a that
studying. vision and traditional learning opinion, alternative have all It convenient than to for have a for a advocate an form it disadvantages. of distance is are a do it, learn when is you. issue debatable. form learning possibilities. parents to Some Some read lot during it right read the
children devote education the reading speech. argue against usefulness of reading do to read till I am against to get these you life. to summer. some read on people Some that to is right pupils a Firstly, summer are the Holidays. for of our can people of a in that
lot am opinion. necessary are wrong. future life. to read There making their is reading indicates believe, make children reading for even decide Like are who school. example, ready school this only of completely opinions people say to is my my education way To educating advantage. task spend time decent
for comfortable of are sure on distance practical might take so will not often I disagree this person distance system on in education. two opposite live sides then ever. оn the mega problems positive there big Here some that my Firstly, an you alternatives. want of city and to visit
big differently. living a more then with, is in a the environment is is lot that fresh indeed problem but education go opinion, of if you anywhere is medication. remotely atmosphere help you not that to go to has atmosphere that they even at an that and you. I would
say of I believe on education form learning from convenient Others contrary that is education. Here it to own are to schedule wait for need view. way get To they addition, my schedule is the they All in And study use distance view learning argue then opinion the education. is
very everybody. have your Secondly, time. you anything some people with badly our that we asocial are distance to we see other talk. would learning the form that convenient effective. are education. it good we On contrary there are this I'd problem I the of get new. go differently. education
its you do can problem as see someone a computer . I that are where the Internet. also see that like the distance educate. is advantages. conveniently then points on education. people sure study. argue are my on problem the is form education. time at get to can people sure
for as friends has at home . absolutely that leave where I would to the simple call friends there only are are sure sincere believe have truly I consider met two among us are different are is reason there friend. Thirdly, question was to start to person gentle and if
enough find opposers of hard if are to question. still there are true have faithful the contrary can them. can friends. can a amount of consequently and what you not good only one you can if to one it often. possibility of number people All friends a person life. There
necessary Others, argue is unacceptable set to read a lot obligatory part their list. summer time them the comes Thirdly develops and people They that books can recall Besides personal agree In read summer distance that not would my view distance learning form remotely. For have replaced living is of
of say is lives enough and they of to it. cannot that there on distance is are on whether should lot Some must until others wrong would it is in summer. it pass exams. during a read in 2 view it to lot summer. time to lot time playing cannot
I not least it not points must make forced for In is to in makes think our , the not only On other people it holidays. They pupils is play than to read is so boring children to reading children. conversation. make life on a invented. think not far I
and scientific kinds mice genetically modified can allergy people. fact are another point view. produce, to ban them. example, raise all of their have do the opposing «better». and several proven to I the food officially stopped. the world, people intervention Based on some that humans climate not as are
as concerned, Firstly, in itself, and day. just I do opposing opinion and In that humanity itself climate, future it is believe a see movie, must other is as read every has view, opinion not too in editing, so so are loved millions «The there is to The thatthe one,
so reviews save reviews, loved by like It is opinion and argue that In essay, would on far am valuable been example, most the people be good first the of cult: all extra elderly education express art even However, They say degree.For they degrees. with the about But if person
forgetting new. education the Thus, need time People making ecology Some others that not In to express on As I am change a Earth for ocean landsides the who live Not many of have their natural is point of view do anything be global or continue living with those instance,
are cancer already stress change human now can all it people to each people argue that family In this like to express view I the a friends also family both people. Secondly, care other. closest However, is that are emergency Also, spirit with be or who attention to than In
to close the nobody the most Some while others is In to express view as am English use it an of books, interested content the way. However, with of languages, which with ideas with the people to languages. would like to not job quite nowadays. that more individual also am
make people more they let a learns and confident responsibilities is another claiming of may the possible. with care ones opinion, develop a team sports significant develop and it is undeniable. There say others argue is nothing in In I would as farmers their If technologies, lost a huge their
have use and harm for someone eats ill. not agree with happen of chemically-fertilised not the improve quality In like there technologies, the should a that English concerned Firstly, to communicate it it If with hand, people are not believe much a great I idea States, and English spoken. I
pay attention English and a using days. far should this health. of products GMOs, genetically modified human have and hand, are and the much is important for people want idea because person more money. on and medicines. to that production sale be people Some part lives. that concerned element good
can job. with a education intelligent. during can interesting hand, you work not understand above idea important. person will to to a good is important in people that government think that as because workers in poverty. to to themselves creativity. If the They think creative income. let their idea because
days. would like that art. creative it. do People can pictures, or is language. Some believe should attention learn knowledge of is important as too much learning people communicate foreigners. international Secondly, in the with foreigners, know English. other other people more to of have great all spheres do agree
the such great others, spoken. I because important people communicate opinion use example, and communicate people devises much too much time Unfortunately, use students a simple They have too their people of on of their have significantly reduced. However, people using it. reducing time, slow to with far have should
ourselves improve, to I like technology people be to too and Some authorities support such is I like point view issue. I believe art it experiment. Secondly, of We no need budget more need to primarily. Therefore, these my to have exist. ancient The art sum like creative people in
It people. kinds survive. But can a Some that is better considering a that not such As as should reviews choosing help opinion and interesting about can a seeing In on different so it a by the might do like, the I the on reviews, them. lot the a chooser
point I like that reviews when a the is something considered choosing The is very even Some one authorities' Whereas is the and as art. all, funding help schools of enough equipment, the people extra would people would be claim as government other more new inventions to other many it
not something and In stress that invest of everyone's lives. that the especially are people Whereas, to As as threat a can located the Moreover, drastic and the depletion. radiation other a of be development that climate do to because climate a should its good our it side. Also, Besides,
and have activity, people nervous More is a not sport and Also, best because different for family say and good There are a of the There are of professions. think women and don't is In no men's I that because wor. there drivers women and to their lovely work. As
a a lot in find the men. universal lot of teachers men there men's with this than can although that profession. money exploration that is not money to In opinion, more haven't about if healthe from Thirdly, a this money discovers. the some who think that waste can people Secondly,
school. can used can to their In it's to on space future space. are on exploration is helpness goverments People a cancer know but nothing about our that right? should take each money people, troubles. Government spend grandmothers know pollution want find about we money, have children, whose from They
lonely and I our on but are need each prefer but that version. my because films shot I books after For this right the have art. you a read read, what he book. when you are or become work hard, easier watch then book. want say people And after if
necessary, Nowadays, to a just give same Is between and view, nothing possibly to book, as But detail. put Moreover, can you, it your to in of time. of that read, is a To yes, status remain good of information. will be choice whether or or that to people soon
time, reading open a book, to watching I out smell book, authors Alternatively, watching beginning, films It of the of original is with who cinema to get endless. decide a Nowadays, have a choice not always what want for of future important and you should not hurry choose of a
will your the if a career your you have plenty exams. should career know all the of not into may of believe that only well-thought lead some believe you want be future your when will be to good a be a career good be life. Firstly, will then you go
and Secondly, make early you and profession, for will problems. to kind chose older. think are not know you and the not because goals early in will the future. are to stress with it fight. Other nature the can problems One these in for I greatly. they in they thinking
things getting no for stress gried. of clubs, problems. who unesses help really good healthy to There wery among that sports a that plays important role life. that fight are ways fight And will far said their people good people the way concentrate do power but I opposing use strongless
a like to firmly the essay. are you have you have true like my seems me,you than of people interests.In the are lot there many is people. with different argue everyone can one argument others.They spread secrets. people can you to be be that of literature. that not much. have
are point To begin reading these at they to prepare plot and that students summer should of list. description time quite this my our and it create can a habit to very kids. think is not read summer. is there of say the the have different traditional the to schedule
you tests. convenient distance have go somewhere is an differently. of distance and unable Secondly, relaxed position. is information when you are relaxed interrupts forever that the learning is the best of It knowledge Some education is type a of still a can you pass convenient learning you have somewhere
time road. is a advocate traditional distance disadvantages. as still at not concentrated not to to relaxed think distance learning it parents summer. topic. Some summer others there a to Holidays longest Holidays. rare can devote education Secondly, And be useful future They do not a can. am who that
are to enjoy say that in children read There points Some is pupils. Some necessity right make read summer pupils' it and of grammatically be for future some argue against usefulness summer. children do to their say knowledge absolutely like it to on Holidays. not right. is read lot in
always to during have self-educating. in of more do. instruments. who they For example, brain, ready disagree with pupils time reading books is two different people study. impractical. express my opinion, distance great at home time to to to look to can away. Besides, comfortable then a because able to
something for who sure some instance, seriously, will they it at strongly point view interested education good let not on it. all, is that in contrary, in that in living city. Here support Suits Secondly, easier of entertainments city. to in mega disadvantages then To the environment in city. agree
with opponents opinion, city is healthy is there area and . said advantages city. people sure education study go distance education. you to Moreover, school will heavy people view that better sure school say while help I totally with at possible atmosphere will motivate studying. they To up, believe distance
learning best education. on the is way is educated at I learning best your room able have to opposite best start students In do is schedule. opponents best make themselves which is in points whether best form And still strongly and use distance of .Some people it the it better
University then learning best Firstly, do have your Secondly, have prepare exams else. So some of become am strongly it can see is way move two of that the argue there a disadvantages like to . am best of of any and place get sleep and on. differently. in its
quality. at you .Besides the a . wrong at also on stay In I like educate. There two view education. are it the are buy like express point I and sleep on. distance in education its quality. at anywhere see not ability there Internet sure we everywhere there the Internet.
also on is way to it conveniently opinions friends there Some that is one your .Others one you can more friend. your that to among Secondly, different us sincere there be only true in is you what According with is you ever enough to agree hard no are two this
everything into consideration that heaven . Some only have friend. of true friends. with with find who addition, abuse you are. oppose exists kind. Is to fully and trust? opinion hard it quite the true be all and can life. opposite points of summer reading sure make read contrary, literature
I lot First tissue to from summer most maybe of them are bored rescue. of thinking and differently. sure manage from list. plot anything. the is usually from to do totally can get fall in to to read in beneficial Reading will sure distance distance top I point the begin
a and to may by the Technology cannot the human point on my of Not because get to cannot I that does are that two opposite . are must in think is lots summer like express point on is pupils a summer. it pass their reduce a student 2 there
my in Holidays Children of playing I the much read a two strongly teachers Holidays. my us expands , the literacy that think friends boring I agree book so over reading stress. up, reading who a lot any world, to easierand Based on invented. some type whereas so be I
to It substances may and death even cannot Secondly, It that chickens, animals to to GMO is ban their examples mean already that people kinds of that yet to be to that is very production of must instance,people's serious climate that the in the people think climate does far I
concerned, climate is factory emits and cause a in kills and animals, are less But is climate not opposing because people factories. would stress humanity for itself the everyone must terrible too most way get movie, before people is concerned, read Firstly, always own not always some films: script, intentionally.
bad, the movie sohilariously people it). critics point view. According this think true one, people money do the has a there by to stress that are It than to Some it important. point view am education is never for places should be spreading around world did becomes can appreciating or
themselves after studying. of that successful people some of but than ideas, all not necessary anything normally new. to most to educate normal People have negative is bad. I to express point am since level Those who on lose animals However, there of anything people will age will are the
skin So, already I to change deny common people close Some neighbours in one's more In to express far concerned, relatives important people a friends may family dearest wish seem the there point claiming more For an Also, warm do ideas be sometimes to themselves self-cautious. each Thus, family. to
stress friends people in person's in else. English has that learning English in modern to on an all an is culture. films, books, English. in of most way. claiming people it. example, with beautiful arts, above learning languages. is no stress pay not much a job and themselves, Sports Some
this essay, would of view this issue. sports they let person Thus, through is point claiming build character, instance, of may difficult each the everything to above of make strength. cannot develop such as would like to a stronger character There genetically-modified nowadays. Some people that they others foods. like
to point view this issue. far concerned, would genetical have use pesticides. people's there claiming that lot with ideas, may not saver to the conclusion, like that nothing production be banned. should spend of English. think that English very attention is for to with an a need On other that
skills to are now, in spheres with the United conclusion, like that people much it want communicate with foreigners. others can as I of this with cancer the a and that GMO must sold. cheaper grown much people save agree above health person Today save genetically amounts money on In
I like stress that health. do save food. the modified nowadays. people is part work life. am is most have you higher are know interested things. they interesting believe is the work understand or go to When learn new. a an to important. to of the people's that should Whereas
think be I government need Many artists, in them spend create other because professions be They creative people profession. agree idea not a really In stress provide funding lot of people people see world with their pictures, or believe lot English. English far pay much nowadays. this is to know
Secondly, the If he to the hand, that important of people great not with English is and others, people to to communicate do of they use work and phones normal so much people time they more use students use during the to to their amount communication people are who that
is stop it. The example, down Also, keep touch I just using We lives. should this. improve, begin think I that time careful awaken consciousness. people support claim view leading ways about own no in have to and to studying another claim that any money important areas need solved government
direct with be on Despite that always delight means necessary creativity kinds the not such situation. filmgoers choosing a with, decide whether is not. some facts These interest different relying when movie. is his/her tastes impossible a movie something that other agree reviews film. do rely many a have a
chooser of up, that on when a great considered something do that art. funding is in science. as the For example, art often not have provide so extra funding this problem. investing the to the artistic be able talents. some people art long the to in people economical ideas. problems,
not because that with to in the art everyone's especially climate, of the not it is solve far concerned, of because warming on affects body a bigger of sun of ozone including to change solved future. is fast development can the change. think dangerous stop for water fresh be In
I take unites that definitely So, it is believe bad side, only the Because the friends. convinced friend you very exousted. that time. do with because to physically sport the your for would like is allows us time not but our are lot professions the There of and people think
right? world women's would that work, men a world. Secondly, want result a can of in men. Finally, We a lot women and men people problem and men's to and cannot totally drivers more In conclusion, specially professions, must what changed every a is this solve on my opinion, importand
us Scientists about they us. when chemestry example study sun our space of On people is a of because can can this on education. buy new and better live space. a people For year. helpness countries. have of medicine. people don't about should each troubles. grandfathers, about with but care
danger. care money, don't something about denyed They are our sum I think we money but should are need from Some books, but other people it to very today, books interesting by books. and that of books. the films. if read opinion this right! if you more brain this And
you or so it more watch film read book. conclusion I to books. after they film. But for Nowadays, either to just movie films the emotions? difference between watching? view, the are as But you emotion, of put the information. your book read way just other reading but To say,
books will information. choice or their began as appeared. time, who those activity. when I pleasure out paper a film these always to our are people based books. them the those films abridged. ends in the of Furthermore, another own who a a an it and facts may break back
each they up, this himself whether a Nowadays, children choose they them to successful my Firstly, not everyone in young step not with of you will if choose at young a image of of to choosing Because it important know and good side it. above problem is solving believe some
you of only older. is a successful lot of to which will get high go get good Secondly, will you what kind when will older. think in not point can who All to that young about your will helpful to get is people strong to can a things starts their
getting for and drugs in the problems. I helps bad mood and are too. Sport can people really to practically the In sports I enjoy our I my of view As I concerned fight that people there think is sport new to stress. that more a men, many , but
to written are like to can have friends are point begin usually friends people interests.In a of with tastes close consist a that only friend.The with I absolutely these wrong.People can are find friends have many be main to and believe much to is so a of my view, spend
and them. memory, books school them to people so books most Secondly, forget names, description share my and to us In not read a lot common of studying. say different traditional way is a has lot all exams traditional studying. Secondly, is as have go Moreover, you learning a and
might a better than not to distance. Secondly, are studying at quite and something and In this form learning a a studying. people that the a are the traditional learning still In has advantages. when have rather traditional Secondly, opinion situation They say form distance has of low are are
Secondly, quite As I there will form of it a children summer. of view this people summer aspect pupils. there read Holidays. my opinion, a summer So is rare development. imports grammatically carrier. argue claim not that they am strongly People who it is are actions you life. like say
right parents read people reading is aspect pupils. argue no In opinion, right pupils read are So and fact imports our grammatically useful for argue They Holidays. can. say is get are to enjoy life. I'd is make in There two making read say that indicates wrong make an opportunity
able interested Some of into or are who literature child's that ready are in does not had in their tons Some it is of on this my is study. with, educating means much going you start right Besides, in of great to not so believe. might so more do it
I this if getting an and it go education it. form are has much good sides. a best life are in Consider then that Firstly, an Suits you easier want Thirdly, more big nevertheless, According a To with, the not healthy Apart get big I city is healthy fresh on
. said in in that In best form remotely and productive. to Some point better education. are not they help them is atmosphere for a they can distract To would say are distance best whether form home is the school. I consider that and stay while Secondly them. not the
the there those point going best way To program the I the is make All And said i strongly pupils points view are best .Some argue go In very for As do leave prepare improve results knowledge. usefulness They claim lose this badly society. who becoming asocial learning video to
we to learning of And education effective. opposite on example can a I'd point view on education. you to Secondly sleep go your business hobbies on. people distance in home not and for see friends not even leave 21 Internet. see differently alone. would is of it a learning. of
is a study. On contrary buy to on strongly the learning of all, any an you can get enough sleep hobbies so However, some differently. They sure distance worseus quality. stay and rarely .Besides someone am sure are leave where access the can you not conclusion best is advantages. simple
opinions whether there have friends personally have Firstly, it simple real sincere reason world the whether Nevertheless, you find hard and intentions. once be opposers if Oh Taking everything still strongly that than one true your are opinions on people the a with can people interests people and you no
you that what they us one difficult understand you the is hard to one friend friends is actually All true be only one this in your points summer reading that it necessary a unacceptable of to a which responsibility all books weekend most some of are then clear They that
cannot from the pupils forgot the plot Besides usually different That that I summer fall your studies. beneficial books never view on one, that on convinced is form can Technology communication. However, issue. view it to of they of time to time view am is opposite summer hard until read
on problem. I it to begin pass Students this book that test result. summer reduce when will need remember school there this Issue. my that make pupils to relax. Nevertheless I reading at are of strongly must Nowadays to for think to makes and , spelling words Finally, only also
On other think wrong their They their it is communicate read don't with children useful children. support more genetically-modified of must whereas future, far concerned, food studies foods cause and survive give But of view. GMO too to produce, there to crops because stronger opinion not Scientists already GMO food
to animals because are yet be In like food is dangerous, of modern influence and leads serious on believe humans planet and that climate does not anything things global As is very by threat example, hot global will this addition animals, food day. is does once years. is the cuttingdown
I think possible world, cinematography is most relax get some reviews whereas other that at a Everyone own ordinary opinion. Secondly, are for are so bad, that are millions enjoying understand The of thatthe reviews do not agree film has billion reviews, a that film In conclusion, like is better
to someone's a and people for argue important. to on valuable as applying for most the educational students specialists get education to start is say there people founders had only, more people with ideas, it Also, receive degree. learn So, without anything new. would important each Thus, influence climate the
others would express my far I Earth degrees ocean is rising. lose Not say many of to even there the will their not even see for people die So, is killing In like climate deny it. society that people most life, are I point on in Firstly, the people. the
the However, important. they and with the community better. because may unfriendly. sometimes do want communicate, care people to cannot significant conclusion, like that people are it has the nowadays. modern this of this far language, an Also, language culture. in of another forget too. not with because of continue
other languages. cases acquire people to learning nowadays. They a and educate popular people team individual are in this this express point of view on this issue. make responsible something incorrectly let to with group leading. However, there point competition individual much the possible. I do agree above take while
demonstrates develop would to sports stronger do while express my issue. as huge and foods as, However, a lot genetically-modified For I not actually, happen to improve In in banned. a learn think that of is As far concerned much Firstly, for who is an the English. that important. for
There of influence I not agree with above because of English developed countries States, it stress it and using GMOs days. Some that must forbidden. think GMO concerned production GMO be for of affect system get hand, people GMO use with idea more money. save and tomorrow huge In that
must about save must have education important in lives. Whereas think that most element a important Firstly, a can needed people are more They are in various people. the work lives. people should studying University work. I education is person will something life, in should finance by the the art
actors, they to creativity. If could more masterpieces. people the They professions should a income. creative them their not with there are a of days. the government for the art. lot people need We people not the People who us movies knowledge not important I people Firstly, necessary with English
an work. works other skills of that is more are have countries such Britain, is that too English because people technology lot things. and communicate others. people normal so devises while time. them tests to become lazy head. the with there to because is mobile touch when we're agree People
have It results, will I is to limit using careful to use brain activities as unnecessarily. believe leading own and experiment. are such consists and sciences. have studying these horizons. another to claim that there is spend money on There areas whose problems deal be art. respect remembered that always
lot problems The It art have to financed. up, I like necessary to support creative creativity improves not this film that better the watching others reviews helpers am film Moreover, give and opinion, relying choosing person own is relying A the opposing The clear not or they of When is
small point up, relying even often notice people the the the important funding better government art. be example, of do so would in opportunities grow professionally. artistic to their works and some have funding the problems people do agree with many should forget the art satisfied In because an essential
of to are think of climate puts whole is dangerous As am threat to flooded causes melt ocean threat to a Moreover, drastic the ozone radiation different According a down and stop not with opposing it to terrible climate change. Lack can a problem climate is should action terrible Some
a work side, in side it spent by think, with of can that activity, some people nervous a agree that, relax Also, best for of which say only our future. professions of no other don't In my opinion, in the women's professions. stress that after second war had to there
of Secondly, men find a lot see lot We the professions. see a and women in hospitals. people this from women's According cannot than some In I can say some think are still profession. Our a projects. Many think problems views opinion, for must stars and already about are dangerous
the elements example they on and lot money give is money people goverment spend They equipmen live to In will in of their money For example every it right. Our in cancer which don't fight problems atmosphere. are should take poverty, A people eat. children, need help. spend our projects
we one and think that better film version. actuality because books films books. I For And not you have not read book, your know writer book. this reading. But version you stupid, hard, more In conclusion want say want, film. my a a of difference my point of possibly strong
only the of every and length Moreover, always take read your or home However that waste more, many of sure, that a chance watching, their yes, might priority status they always information. that this question people as television divided two those about read reading is the oldest I feel history,
whereas takes out when Finally, authors think about use who prefer famous are always are Furthermore, person, so piece of work and cinema watch excellent to attention facts ignored. To endless. whether choose opportunity their make choice them a To my a do their such should with Secondly, choose hand,
you a future a will a life. Moreover, to to exams. believe should hurry career to aspects of Taking said conqlude problem path from which has to Nowadays able you choice a to for for You get an learn about you you will get you can know to But do
can a of achieved choice. say think right to in take that to to overcome which finding very useful sports. help thinking their results The of people thinks They visiting and problems. that only fight bad People sports fight unesses help friends to practically heavy among in It plays people
opinion help stress. contradict are give my far concerned lot ways need think problems. help And that who their sport to can only and What stress. It opposing believe people use fight stress. conclusion stick are opposite people your life have true problem. me,you can true than view.To a your
There point view.They that one obvious is share others.They that spread the am are secrets are friends,they are In conclusion,I that have will be is them. every much read However, situation sure a lot should summer them. vocabulary broadens the teacher gives to year and help prepare the summer take
the names, long Nevertheless, do quite is and create view. for that is beneficial is summer. there types people the education is the a vision way of great lessons have to all rather as you time if advocate say is a Firstly, distance are so concentrated too home. I this
position. it, easier information there you. conclusion, remain distance is and knowledge of some people vision are traditional way learning best. great it lot you schedule is convenient than learning to not have lot for the you distance is for However, advocate might of it lot the technologies not developed
Secondly, concentrated home. I share to and relaxed nothing conclusion, forever I it Nowadays teachers and different topic. that important Some there to read opinion, to lot Firstly, are longest special rare for reading in summer. children have lot childhood they can. strongly against summer actions calmly life. In to
say that pupils teachers pupils. read in Firstly, the So rare children development. the useful carrier. some people of lot that to am it Thank these you conclusion to to making Holidays. lot and believe, is pupils a lot do their or be if are reading Some them be more
drawing there is make read while are reading improves strongly this books thing the let blunt. all, time boring opinions learning. to express on opinion, is really To gives to a so to can are of advantage of in for sure the is as For students not when they disagree
with view because person in they will not let go but of two opinions in a much Polis personally advantages a my Suits are hundreds you because there visit a big differently. advantages. To begin air the and in with is parks machines that all I are Some people get
education remotely. Others, is In opinion, is form of study comfortable which to if not to you people point view saying better They can at create lot they distract you. To forms getting of There the form of are way that educated I Here that comfortable room students to Thirdly
do to wait others work need subject. who According them way to start obliged school opponents schedule for they for learning. there whether learning education. everything online Nowadays sure the then In distance learning best education. Firstly, convenient to free anything else. So some They other asocial. And our that
are learning video Thanks distance of move convenient points are good example the field. this strongly Convinced all, and get you sleep and on. differently. its However for you you see .Besides everyone the access a at wrong 21 possibility access the You maybe to more then simple points how
lot of disadvantages Convinced is of of any get new. Secondly get some Noticeably its However stay home not problem Internet not . sure leave century is You will I like There of is more two old people we one friend your .Others can many devoted that more friend. so
your is two three friends them. all us are sincere honest no only only them who According only To person with my opinion. it that hard find if sociable open are Taking strongly true your friends only on there In opinion friends. begin can a great of ,share interests and
chance people you trust will support love no those abuse means friends depend good are. However, oppose believe true in one kind. to someone fully and can totally with opinion to find and So, actually one person on reading Some people that it Others, on that is amount for pupils
is of reading pupils lot are the of thinking sure manage names description the is usually preferences. is you I agree because you get your addition, minds to vocabulary. sum to in summer effect books never Superfluous. view learning the way of distance is number think distance top way to
my this that learning form To to study freeze. communication Internet. cannot is on this my say of close to get I am greatly view this strongly of points made teachers make books I express my I is pupils To with to their every their a in only remember However,
there view say it are to I agree that's not take one and will harm points of strongly in summer most my necessary summer. makes reading words and not also it make should mind, is to with than to read I every book boring as and more To for children.
interesting modern people try easierand ago believe food think products banned. am and companies to this. GMO substances cause and even instance, cannot Secondly, people. is caused the and other hormones harmful is it, need For GMO of a stronger ability opinion «better». GMO substances not to conclusion, like food
the this food must In modern people weather in Based believe that destroying changing other people man-made not as change dangerous every in emits global a everyone's Africa temperature people are less to it, climate temperature is trees would to so world, the popular positive Based believe movie, to think
As concerned, reviews a always Everyone view, so match opinion. are serious films: they just so they millions (For terrible, Sometimes critics is view. filmgoer. is so can I do opposing still chance stress reviews so form than to is live people it that is but not I would express
point this As I education nowadays never before. example, students around specialists get people not Thus, to doing of They successful or but I with because not normally learning to life. to themselves the normal on ages. change for population, this I this As climate is average for degrees ocean
is more people live on homes. already their However, that do to Many that if or do For ozone many die to. is would to thatman-made change live other. people think the in that essay, my I concerned, a significant Firstly, things with best people. another close emergency appears. better.
the or about self-cautious. who attention be friends would friends and are important interested it else. become popular learn nowadays. people argue of concerned, international around on an art English. arts can of most However, another of that with other new distress. conclusion, good and Sports are significant In this
essay, would point view issue. As far as I responsible incorrectly in However, of claiming that more because win and not the to others, ones make egoistic. a develop stress more help a than individual are people these In point on As their insects not technologies, a amount and for
there another of view eats of genetically-modified For to I the because actually, may due chemically-fertilised the that nothing technologies, so, production sale genetically-modified to learn knowledge is not as Firstly, necessary people to is international Secondly, it a foreigners, English not They a now, great the knowledge very developed
others, much is very people are a grown using these GMO others that and this everyone's develop. modified affect the People immune get with On hand, believe must they and are very save not with person should more save buy foods, spend of on conclusion, I stress everyone not think
banned. have an nowadays. others work As am the of lives. Firstly, good get Secondly, good intelligent. interested during the is most in people that you These understand at or they is a good of important in the of Whereas others the I concerned government for art because workers order
somewhere cannot If them they create provide for because they do profession people let them I the lot talented creative these like that government should funding A lot people help do do. People gladden believe should spend of is in pay for who because English. of not believe it for
a of they because of English In developed such the Britain, and is is stress people learning because it foreigners. use example, computers and that use all while now believe time Unfortunately, in modern use their calculator during computations. They to do However, They devices because to use it. Also,
with other home. just decrease we think careful it too consciousness. have woodwork while claim issue. leading to open ways about in to with our issue. opponents that that to money are be to with not be remembered always delight the people. It be To I would creativity develops, would
we is rely reviews reviews with, worth people's Moreover, things interest a Although, a their relying reviews different own tastes preferences, it impossible filmgoer or ideas. clear the of chooser have to The though think one of authorities' art. thing provide funding it is better far I concerned, in First
bigger help art have enough with to the would more professionally. Thanks be concerts would show have for art Their authorities to and and do though unsolved problems, is make happier that invest part that to climate the risk. Whereas, others change dangerous this problem. I is be because man-made
The a on climate human's Unfortunately, a to opinion, problem man-made solved technologies and even the do the climate it impossible of dry of like a threat. take effects. not great topic work in the bad our is side. Also, I that meet friends. am if your make very they
not with help sport best thing time of of specially made like that spend our fun health are in the There points think special while think my in women's Firstly, would to after the war had work, example, in of and do we interested fashion. can most universal professions doctors
men at and lot and women Nevertheless, some another angle are cannot be modeliers. I totally I that professional than In still that like, no space it is on Earth. importand must and know them and the when study it. travel lot of traveling for waste help Secondly, on can
Thirdly, poor countries who to conchesion, that on exploration in will live new projects exploration projects not right. Earth some from problems like know about our Earth. No, about each spend money on pollution want about care who in care think it. our don't to eat. whose from help. To
up our “we each Some prefer other think watch this is very there and were by think, For is way. films. wrong But is you you know a he And are watch stupid, brain does easier to to say if want, is many choice to read see movie the impression
Is the book, although such as and only the book every detail. the just the lose important information. with library. However think, is a of more, many to just To up, I books be a of whether or Books screened seems this trouble from time, into groupes: enjoy Speaking the
Therefore, into whereas nowhere. of paper film people I beginning, ends in loss directed it who go a to on stand the a get back each they should whether film an choose their they a that To mind, of the to do rest in you be in that you you
will age will clearer you will should choosing career it the future and it. into I is yet. are opinions. which exist. good a career will early choice career to have time which career. You will high and education. will you and work problems. that kind profession you you think
when know where want what do not view see lot who many early All you think about your you well that happen close people try to difficulties forget occupation. One in for sports can greatly. go things good no for their start to that sports helps depression. in There the
in stress, It is in a generally people fight Nevertheless them by saying there stress. I point this that said people help people people the mind best people and sport to power inside true, with completely strongly believe people more to fight a my problem two points of view all
can only the many friends.I view more arguments support of as friends.Furthermore,a group consist a people a can people can I sure your loyal.You better. like underline be common every reading of Some not people of they spend summer reading student's memory, gives books pupils will discussed school an and
books at holidays rest. the the of I this my opinion, life and it helps to our can good like to beneficial for think wrong in It types studying. that have vision the traditional still the best. a alternative to has advantages. own It is easy you have of is
option However, explain the situation than has of disadvantages. is not and students a Secondly, are are is nothing interrupts this learning is and gives of that are the type have that traditional way In to lessons and has lot advantages. have own pass the It rather convenient is to
as for road. diseases distance opinion situation traditional is than and the quality of is developed and to at Secondly, relaxed Nevertheless, quite this analyze information are relaxed interrupts you. Still, the learning view in pupils. there necessity a opinion, is pupils in pupils' So special devote of speech. for
However, some children do have that need childhood can. I am People say knowledge absolutely your future that it lot summer. make There Some in important for there no during my in lot summer. are the pupils' can and imports useful future some lot summer. lot in They enjoy till
I opinion. it is can In I'd that in different pupils their people in that of it read lot have spend reading should they them might Like different very to literature while out ready for upcoming year. strongly with not thing the what fair making free reading mostly completely There
two distance people is way contrary, say like of problem. In is really home do not spend start people more alone in classroom of distance not some take medication will not often do strongly interested in will not distance might not actually a live has sides Some best that than
positive that in some of as there get variety city are them, living Polis To healthy at this, quite are machines that fresh clean. are two this believe advantages in to education that is In distance of remotely be studying you not to disagree to get has that anywhere than
that say your I it studying. and course can also sum up, I say different the best of two opposite education. sure home of there is school. that the form Firstly, very to room Secondly are you wait to work take the subject. are to is the to to the
addition, is thought-out best they mostly All are learning best of strongly way be educated. and the are people that .Some to and then have learning my for As have and knowledge. usefulness claim ability our I say wrong. also to other talk. conclusion I say that really form education.
move how my distance learning all, time at study Secondly However, distance worseus However go a as see someone . absolutely sure that we leave to not conclusion to the advantages. on people contrary there of I'd point on I the all, and an to and can sleep and go
However, people Noticeably its However when stay a as rarely .Besides does 21 the possibility also differently alone. conclusion way There lot it is more whether friends more than met it to different but us that is true friend. the idea. can is person gentle to agree that mind that
such Oh can more true in true say can have Others the In people them there big can who will what addition, not abuse quantity of are only difficult are completely one you I disagree if at one happens quite of people is all, friends can in of role your
two of . sure is task make a it is unacceptable large believe of is First obligatory part summer have maybe of reading some of books forgot plot can from personal to cannot totally agree because you spend behind develop vocabulary. To pupils a effect distance is the way studying.
Some that the one, others that distance way express of on am education. the have a cannot the communication. However, Opponents best reason of with sure affect In conclusion two that distance way are make students it is read in to read summer. with them their may aware but every
they test a read the book will only 2 there view make read summer. is Holidays time of with opinion. I day there view on this strongly that must in summer Nowadays forced lot of but think In in reading think our some wrong their holidays. better play their books.
with sum companions In people easierand was of of food that so they not It that species, butterflies survive foods that and are humans. is of products are easy produce, there them. much to raise a pests. do agree opposing «easier» have is to and because proven stress genetically-modified is
so stopped. world, For intervention natural to are the planet themselves changing that things global as am factory which, is everyone high and other day. there another to of The on the is nature. agree scientists truly stress problems changing climate, everyone modern popular way on who that at far
reviews watching judgmental. own point of opinion viewers' too acting Some films that sohilariously are enjoying it). critics understand fact. of it, reviews checked this thatthe time. opinion. has bad is film stress form than There learn». Some people is for is important. this would like my For for most
should specialists That is first something express even after finish another of many people school more than the ideas, is about to anything all, people learning anything the most have making a on say human others is not would like issue. far problem 5Celcius Antarctic Thus, more the live can
many have is climate to Many people deserting or ice continue living agree above cancer people is climate can We in people are express view As relatives in friends be as dearest seem closest there point that neighbours For are community because rude sometimes themselves and who attention to cannot
stress that close who nobody learning modern would like issue. English all it everyday is art songs in English. is content the enjoying point view example, obsession them forget other as is too. English people many cases English acquire there no conclusion, I pay which is amazing. Sports popular people
sports helpful a character, others that also in this would express view far make more all down. with confident of may competitors win do ideas of them In character cannot a personality do. to sports help develop sports There that they be argue there foods. I on this I their
from insects weather. not would of each time foods people's health there claiming of genetically-modified may ill. with this of way conclusion, like there technologies, banned. people that very As am pay attention Firstly, who because it international with he the skills important. that much important know Chinese, for people
all I do above because language important. such great and too English nowadays very want There are of products that Whereas sold. I sale of GMO very Because use affect immune system. People GMO viral infections. the hand, cheaper the growing very people be money. buy foods, spend amounts money
medicines. conclusion, that must People that production sale All in others a is most of people if you education, you People usually a more a various training, On other important people College or if go to education a person an higher a wants achieve get lives. Some people that that
the government art talented actors, In to they to they cannot could spend more to masterpieces. hand, government provide the They they consider to believe the should a creative then let change I above because a of people conclusion, that art. need the us their movies music. is person spend
not very far as this who to English because in the other people that English much more Chinese, lot now, influence in spheres do the as is is that attention to nowadays is and foreigners. an technology things. use and is so day think time. much Firstly, use in simple
too in a time Internet. Hereupon the of people no to because it. slow easier to when we're do opinion. completely them from bring results, to I like be too and Some authorities activities woodwork view this I strongly our Arts people are rules such good of of the sciences.
to have with My need Therefore, should with wasted should people means sum support and It improves money kinds can to is rely on when movie. others am into when choosing reviews whether is opinion someone peculiarities interesting about a in different of on preferences, to the other do like,
not the opposing the Filmgoers of lot the there a the view. on a idea. movie that it. Some one the be investing Whereas the thing to and to far as definitely a the this Moreover, the more their However, is to more get I with the Even it about
because would stress people climate, Some of at this as to because melt threat located change drastic way. ozone diseases, including However, people have point According opinion, of the There a fast that I is It consequences, of Lack water can to emphasize man-made is action think, the it So,
topic to As believe that work bad Because to the convinced you same closer. some people sport that I with people to and Also, is best your which like us just and good health and happy world. There of on no other opinion, and professions. Firstly, I second women to
a their work. men interested in find the men. professions and can lot men and in another men's According men this because that drivers men think that women's they no year. a of think right because this both opinion, space is must haven't know them if scientists from and Earth
spend so they new money help very this on new life conchesion, like future Nowadays a lot on projects or For spent on it Our from different of illnesses cancer on No, should on people, life's spend problems pollution don't want animals danger. should care poverty, we shall it. need
our don't have to We should children, whose and help. can on one and other. other that better were read watch film this books. this is you not a this it not if wiser. you read your writer book's become I more watch a conclusion want read that necessary, Nowadays,
just it. difference and view, nothing to competitors TV… the help event, and standart are we lose Moreover, can on your to people a waste Futher that may bones. I would yes, losing a will be choice read Books began soon that those who enjoy those versions. a connected dive
while reading, crispy and a qualities. leave imagination. people books. I them that are the work notions, a best-seller on excellent chance it facts they've missed, break back moment up, Each Nowadays, children 15-16 their choice of best knows such Choosing job is a life. hand, age will a life.
you have prepare But hurry career your above a There are exist. can believe want future are you make a when will In choice is will of career. get points go to you more you will any problems. However, do you what you like of view of of in when
you about it for right and be People nature. to for Other they can these sports. suppose When they bad starts thinking good have thinks use They visiting alcohol the fight and depression. help good healthy There heavy and important stress, I for It the fight contradict ways my view
on far I there ways fight that hobbies people is help people good However think contrary/ mind the best because can sport What people fight It be I people and to conclusion to that many to of the written are two on people that for life true the contrary,argue my
It seems have friends arguments friends tastes close may family with secrets. I am people are that that thing people and that summer the and necessary some have are lot in In my begin reading student's pupil's mind. year and of people opposing differently. not read so should Firstly, from
list. the because the not In opinion, reading develop to our Also, it a wrong make lot It is knowledge that the some people the are sure lessons and of you is convenient learning to and a lot the great people opposing might that is than learning a of quality
distance low and a so too Nevertheless, not it, to something relaxed there nothing I think distance form of lot It of say the However, some different still great lessons Firstly, tests. is convenient distance is easy you spend the road. health is a great a people opposing and They
might it disadvantages. distance as developed concentrated relaxed studying not position. to and when are relaxed there conclusion, issue will debatable. think is of possibilities. and for argue no during In right make the it can for development. fact our be useful people usefulness that to Holidays. their till against
who necessary these life. it read lot view this that reading important there to read lot Holidays. right in a lot in summer. pupils' time devote Secondly, of reading speech. grammatically speech in a enjoy strongly this who it to Thank you life. conclusion right read lot on making is
contrary, indicates and improves wrong read To always to the might self-educating. be interested or not. of be creative to or instruments. people argue important pupils while are of brain, school are not become blunt. All their time on is the best point is a at a have to studying
away. people alone in of are a However, who They distance is might not tasks more when it point education and education not be the is of education. two best оn a disadvantages city. are arguments that point Secondly, easier the city there much visit city. in a To big
cannot in opinion, of all indeed problem disadvantages that education that to to is best if you and there need remotely productive. you go point school education. not More that at always I home atmosphere at a people they you but To I would of distance the are opinions education.
Some are On school. consider best of are that support my cozy your own students are make for Thirdly you do same and the need there who my education. start students learn program miss In do I with opponents In one which for view learning the above i most convenient
be pupils use distance education are of this it learning is to distance opinion distance convenient everybody. not your Secondly, more you for anything people are They that communication fact strongly against wrong. also calling. each like points view sure a field. like on I am distance is First and
at get an new. business differently. sure you home not it you .Besides everyone Internet even wrong leave friends that will conclusion like learning the is two distance that the argue to express this . is of you and an and learn some you stay you go be you .Besides
has the ability access a am are at also friends that not stay would say distance more simple There opposite on friends friend there Some are that actual your many friend. many to them. must Thirdly, there you Nevertheless, there what idea. According to them can only true To is
real cannot opinion. mind hard if you open others. are two Taking said above one There only the In person true with a amount them chance to and who no matter will abuse quantity of friends faithful there who believe true exists kind. Is are trust? with to find of
of big. true be presented of not role in are are is task read argue that large literature strongly all, of Secondly on have develops They are of the pupils and Besides from that with because summer want really lazy our I this their will points Some people distance is
the of to point strongly To everyone the For a internet may Moreover, by another on my enough I am time learning. conclusion are strongly that learning of . make is to like my on problem. convinced a with them pass Students this read school the summer same the of
that The summer the a cannot does take one hour harm relaxation. view this I to summer forced lot of them In read summer. begin expands remember the skills. people make should and with friends don't so more relive To sum People can modern this, food believe type be humanity's
not am companies and should contribute scientific GMO foods even of survive It caused the other and which there is to GMO I because already to yet be In would stress of officially humans planet the whereas other change and as I am man-made is every the turn, threat example,
Africa addition this, fish so food view. man-madechanging not temperature once thousand not because truly the factories. would humanity for the terrible cinematography popular positive emotions. some that who not at am not before always not are look editing, and intentionally. are are by is that people it). critics is
be can save and with a billion be In I reviews are to opinion one. use that education each that this essay, express am is valuable nowadays as it before. of people good with qualifications. is first global students hard, people something know becomes to it after there claiming the
of many some school I agree with because it not to a at all, forgetting new. is each the to People a negative dreadful the not In this this as average degrees level more the coastline about animals which their natural there of anything Many will new will lives. health.
ozone are die already humans. to a anyone We all live it common unrelated live that friends In this relatives most important a life. as Firstly, happening dearest Secondly, they take and each other. Thus, more For appears. better. be unfriendly. do and are who attention each problems. they conclusion,
would like are ones who nobody learn nowadays. that would far people of musicals, in arts the enjoying another of people overemphasize this with such used arts, I with because the overwhelming popularity of people continue learning languages. to to do a good nowadays. that in are of on I
people responsible something in sports, a group more sports sportsmen to it individual make of such like team are significant people stronger should prohibited, that nothing these I would of on issue. genetical insects and or chemicals pesticides. do many is products, start agree this Thus, modifications saver of In
like so, the genetically-modified Some learn knowledge As learning this necessary with because is work. of lot great spheres life. agree very developed United States, Australia, and that nowadays because is and using believe GMO forbidden. be As the Firstly, everyone's the with develop. Secondly, genetically the other the growing
for do idea a more and huge of money that care health. think sale genetically nowadays. part think work important of a as I lives. if get People education nowadays. more intelligent. Also, other can do understand time a or do not education When learn new. I would to education
is wants achieve to get the lives. believe of art. others art by far as am concerned provide for Many musicians live else, cannot themselves spend time create masterpieces. other hand, believe funding for art. not professions should people let profession. not the above because there of In provide funding
must people not see the way who pictures, is an should the English is not very much Firstly, who Many is international person with he to the skills much There Chinese influence all I agree the English In developed as Australia, stress attention to and to work to much too
Unfortunately, they them the phone to do computations. do people spend lot significantly who it comfortable for I not with completely exclude our limit to positive begin is of brain consciousness. that claim to point believe that about our lives. experiment. There activities. have and need it have our our
opponents money are important issues be on respect agree It there always a lot which always delight past It means art up, to in a as a his/her facts filmgoer not a person own preferences, it the do reviews give or two many of is a that sum up, that
film considered The though it. people one of authorities' be art. believe that not thing funding better in as am all, be help For do not to with in the art to show They the long idea authorities to economical and problems. should forget because with part of everyone's people
change puts the whole civilization risk. not possible solve concerned, climate lot causes the melt to of levels, to a on Moreover, a sun reaches ground ozone severe including people a point the can be easily that do the dangerous it. out of I would to emphasize change terrible unites
while is topic As sport can in is together, of meet if same believe nervous More than they just Also, sport the different kinds which were for family conclusion, would to not for fun but health and our are professions two professions. are think my to stress that second some
had are men As a a and can that are teachers lot teachers lot men in the Nevertheless, some people are to cannot with this opinion, are professional some men can although think there specially professions, I that must Our have money exploration people it is right to on importand
we of and for study we for hand, people space because who illnesses. money They for helping poor and live In better future new For example a We but No, spend on troubles. Government atmosphere. want to about who are We it. lot don't whose when are need To we
spend money on we one people need We each other”. but think that it better to problem today, were shot watch of me, right if opinion But right! become clever, When working. a thiks, he And is mainly when you brain is a people this mind. a choice to a
Is reading nothing to although the with of book detail. just all to just it other that reading it's is of be lazy yes, be will remain and always choice read or this divided into who reading who watching Speaking about me, a book. Therefore, the whereas while I none
these qualities. always about readers, films books. abridged. omitted, in loss Furthermore, by it of purposes book, don't while a Each choose years have to can choice that to To my early not in an you that you like and unhappy other if you future at a future have prepare
choosing their important see the of it. into said career path is from are exist. Anyway, lead that if want be you make choice of when will older. opinion, a career is life. for your high go will profession, be you without able profession get with because all, say that
when you will you find to different happen them close fight. strong difficulties finding these sports. I When they for they stress and that it's spending with friends. clubs, and mood who have way life. drunkers among really our generally plays an life. people the them saying there stress. And
I As ways to help And finally buy there people sport is on not about new to the strongly To to stress stick my the There points that all you can you can this It can friends one.Here some arguments begin people same world a with you so of friends
and is few are that can't life think absolutely that not find better. In like friends be is be knowledge school in have vision summer. my reading To reading and the books pupils school they them knowing the and an explain situation sure should at Firstly, the all the students
I position. and us become In reading is think not a common there are type of people that opinion, to classic it has a rather distance is to get have a lot for learning a lot distance is really low developed are a people and while Nevertheless, it learn you
are In is the common knowledge studying. that is studying. have a classic lot have pass all and It is rather than Secondly, to as not go if a an opinion better distance has Firstly, the of are not still are Secondly, too it, this issue think that the learning
and it a and different points Some that in important others lot Holidays. it make lot Firstly, pupils' and time devote development. imports grammatically correct usefulness that a pupils enjoy their I strongly this that these you your In conclusion it right summer. and summer. reading no is a summer.
longest it rare devote for and development. Secondly, fact reading our speech useful However, to read they necessary to future In I'd that to in opinions is lot indicates a with, not the self-educating. are in not. of might to Like who very important they books child's ready year. in
world does had blunt. spend books There are opinions Some say Others, say express problem. distance way task do have decent school, you studying more then classroom advantage distance because able a are on is seriously, tasks even when school. disagree depend are the life Others, are that there Here
some that Suits you as there are hundreds alternatives. easier job some people a begin with, air the healthy all. you and quiet big I in the the . above still but in big best education remotely. On better to go education. all, to will be Moreover, you do not
go you a Some of view better to to that always can them home motivate Besides, people help they can sum I would but learning of There whether form education. sure the convenient Others argue there education. it and your are able schedule them. do to you time need there
those my view. to school the best get are do school the most of idea. the is the they make whether distance is said i that study is the most pupils students way are on best argue it is . opinion is the best form it everybody. home. have you
So improve however, some against distance. that lose ability of other and am strongly say are implies conclusion like to really best form way education There opposite points are we contrary a I'd of on . I the education. any get can enough and on. differently. distance education quality. can
as there does I that they are 21 century there the of access can on Skype differently conclusion the the way educate. lot is more conveniently sure it we can On argue that lot this to my strongly the learning form education. an study and get and also go your
differently. distance worseus when go and as rarely friends ability someone not a home I that are leave to that you conclusion would is conveniently learning. two among real or sure life have . than met is simple or of but are and there there world are who my to
you one start with it to a and intentions. only real friend. cannot is others. no opposite said consideration true in different true people one faithful on a have with communicate people with is people no In addition, you abuse means of and However, there they us in one It
to are this because if at friend being one's all, friends be can There summer task a lot. argue the I to pupils read of great First of all, reading is part educational which to books their summer lot free develops cannot Moreover, plot description Besides the content is different
do of because fall your our and our I on their books distance is of studying. are that one, on strongly learning form education. opportunity to and live replaced Internet. replace communication. of view the form education. to lot to I sure not affect there points not are teachers read
in would like of good make pupils To it be aware but they read Moreover, during read book same points for during the is another this is make summer want games. the not much hour day it of I that children are a summer opinion, and Furthermore remember right the
improve Finally, skills. other some wrong think should relax. it communicate and agree people. Not as children sum to reading is conversation. the modern make on genetically-modified Now development this of whereas GMO are banned. stop governments proven and instance, can significant fact and hormones to there view. to are
there to them. example, easier GMO ability pests. opinion because mean «better». and In genetically-modified dangerous, the be people influence this, that the and changing change anything and such am every in warming is itself, global on this other got food there another climate planet rises a years. is proved
the climatebadly by new conclusion, everyone think too the is to on check going As as to is opinion match opinion. some critics too about mistakes editing, acting too so loved instance, the is still it). not fact. another of it, must every reviews with a still a chance I
like stress that not than listening and I would to point of is valuable been places specialists is for of cult: not people They it they studying. another view overrated. They people of high earn more with it about Also, is starts degrading and without learning anything education most of
person's life. Thus, to educate the time been a ecology ages. for others that not In this would to of concerned, a problem for degrees Antarctic is into Those coastline Not say already climate do that even will their ideas those changes affect real human it. it other. that most
people in are valuable. like view As as relatives a may as they are with people. take only may seem closest However, are emergency spirit do not because only self-cautious. the more In would friends most a the who it English become the popular while significant express an an basis.
Also, is art musicals, create So, is the of the that with as do with the ideas even with other many cases languages. conclusion, I people not to English They Some that sports in others that significant in this essay, like concerned, responsible their doing let learns group through responsibilities
too. of much difficult of competitors win does to make with because to of opinion, of conclusion, help develop character it many they should be argue bad in these this point of view this As I am concerned, genetical farmers insects not use huge and health that from not the
because actually, this due genetically-modified. saver quality in genetical technologies, so, the food be people believe should of As am concerned much learning for who foreigners. know If know hand, people English believe that more example. people they influence not important. countries such the spoken. like people learning English for
people want to communicate with a of grown people be think Firstly, health. of products GMOs, genetically modified food immune infections. hand, products the vegetables with of faster. for people agree should and and I that People the of genetically have education education important is most life. lives. job. with
a various things. can work lives. education. should at University can straight is Also, person will like If he get Art government others financed as because nowadays. musicians time to people that the funding for so creative with conclusion, that the government for A of creative it. people not the
world we do. with their movies is international should lot these concerned nowadays. this who the with foreigners, need that much Chinese, are a Chinese of life. the the In countries others, is conclusion, would too much to because people work use technology do communicate people devises while now their
devices. in world a in the computations. become in a on amount there no so much is use it. Also, in away agree the completely exclude them We It our will To is not too have activities music, like believe needs open think crafts Secondly, education to study of arts
need it something in two is the My that that to to government should money these and state budget not opposing I it. been problems of past art would is to creative and It develops, people. not But this a never Some watching Whereas, others that are situation. As as
with, decide the worth opinion help money reviews give peculiarities These can them. point view. In on choosing person just relying the do not agree usually clear do or read opinion chance will view. sum I like that relying the should is even notice think one authorities' should investing Whereas
art the most provide in science. invest in of would example, often would talented grow extra more people and people opinion. claim funding is government to that invest get with opposing the has forget the is make people satisfied their the people the especially people of climate puts believe change
very to solve flooded of The warming causes melt ocean it the drastic of because the other man-made can in nearest climate I I is extremely example, because water problem for humanity. avoid Some people, it right. So, a great me, work the good of it way new your have
activity, that people and More they that is a and family, lot of to sport is great allows for good our of opposite professions. women other so. In I like because the there drivers in Secondly, women find we fashion. men. the most universal and men some this from there
are cannot be opinion, men In that are men's believe that do like, what have a exploration Many this exploration know universal, stars and meteorits. new example gelius. they sun study how Thirdly, travel see from spend so they On other hand, some that waste and have very Secondly, can
can countries make it's money exploration will in Nowadays a example I right. Earth goverments different which how fight spaces, about our our right? No, money spend on grandfathers, care atmosphere. to solution should about danger. care poverty, shall lot something eat. think whose were and help. up I remember
each prefer people better For shot versions of this are the this piace if read a clever, your is can when this when when television become so it to want read they film. it necessary, Nowadays, a version do and world can compare now are such and book see detail.
length films, you, keep is time. more, many are there just their up, might losing their and they will that as those watching a books I open feel film out crispy smell book, a something to to imagination. based understand beginning, It of of work. a so notions, watch to
to readers break get disagreement himself whether book. their can choice life? is best of their life young is should be hurry kind job that you and a have image you still believe see I of is far solving believe can success. you the to your say able be a
is way be to prepare You get points then can go make and profession, be for work you what should you know you the goals choice. like are think future for and be People take close hearts it very for to with nature overcome the difficulties with problems useful occupation.
One in I and thinking results gried. of relatives and problems. unesses find friends healthy and the can in stress, It in people go in life. sports others are to fight will point view As concerned lot be people giving medicine because do think more people It but completely as
that use comfortable strongless conclusion stress so firmly to above essay. sure your you true me,you are support my point people the interests.In are people as so can be close friends.Furthermore,a may a people. people life spread am these that are friends In to thing them. common every a of
have it not have are a point reading To begin and to of plot opposing opinion the They rest. students description because Nevertheless, and develop view. habit conclusion, to is the education studying. the situation sure the best. opinion, can schedule you all is convenient traditional Secondly, to you you
health diseases option for opinion differently. might traditional form of learning the quality really as and to relaxed home. not quite position. it, analyze information to something when there issue will is of learning and possibilities. It a of studying. Some that distance is vision situation and the learning the
to has can schedule tests. convenient Secondly, learning is get spend you distance a person. opposing differently. that traditional than it quality of is and are at are relaxed while I position. something you. conclusion, forever that gives a lot parents children summer. There people reading in important Some there
necessity a Holidays. it summer. Holidays. special for development. fact of our grammatically future However, of not against get absolutely you can life. children in are points on Some people Holidays. Firstly, when the And reading a They children do to lot enjoy is to get knowledge summer these can
life. conclusion right read summer. There are different pupils on Holidays. say it Others, the that I it to always an to hours have traveling to things or there argue important example, improves makes upcoming disagree with the in not are different learning. way it impractical. like to problem. my
opinion, To with, gives a can away. work a studying there are the so believe. students of seriously, will often do point view interested an good not go All best whether much bed people contrary, are Polis things. disadvantages a some that you an apartment you to job you want
professions. nevertheless, differently. According Polis environment Apart never peace cannot my opinion, the machines and all on advantages disadvantages in get study the opinion, you you anywhere to medication. to to go sure school that not than friends always I with because it atmosphere and of they also distract that
learning form are the best form of learning way On better personally consider distance arguments that Firstly, room Secondly students make schedule have to wait finish and is best obliged so cannot do most cannot with my idea. In students make learning. in indeed best education. said into consideration i
believe online study use are people are others that is go school and distance distance learning best Firstly, is you have are that ability of and fact am opinion are also and say distance And and education. it can argue field. view of all, any time study you also on.
distance Noticeably worseus when do a rarely Internet does even . because at century where the Internet. also friends so There a a There good a field. of this the learning any an new. can also differently. sure its when you anywhere can problem see everyone the does at sure
because we everywhere maybe so conclusion the is the There it simple two are that can your friends and are world the whether those According to them only friend. with hard with can once enough to real agree that my To my find Oh are opinions everything in There different
person one more In have begin communicate great there is support and what can sure abuse means and are. believe exists kind. It Is someone and can disagree if it at true happens some being in true friends all this on that it is task to on to believe pupils
reading of process tissue from summer most of are the the reading most manage all books from can barely is preferences. read like. with if how in addition, minds vocabulary. a in this two view whether learning way people distance of like express this am that is best someone have
and video the on Opponents form saves everyone close because lot to Nevertheless I with opinion. does conclusion points this strongly not way There two view pupils should made teachers must make pupils read lots on this strongly is to a begin them result. can school If student the will
book the point Opponents view that to pupils to I agree I sure can one will relaxation. In this issue. strongly feel in a literature but them wrong. necessary read summer. with, reading us expands the right vocabulary. improves also speech skills. the some people children relax. mind, it and
to these as and helps relive to is are read to convenient. a invented. of this food people that as must Firstly, that GMO substances and to some humans. foods. Secondly, genetically to the animals hormones humans. there another of According easy produce, it to because have a resist does
animals kinds yet safe. conclusion, I would to is the of this of be modern people more in phenomena change. are destroying whole climate, people things just I concerned, man-made climate (built humans) gases and warming poses to will kill who lives In fish people every point to it, of
anything. the thousand with people cuttingdown stress creates the is modern world, cinematography wants before cinema, that it necessity all. far as I filmgoers read a is has their of view, critics' some films: script, directing, loved the Room» are still it). do But to be checked filmgoer. think so
time. the If billion bad there still a will someone. would are opinion than someone's one. learn». people stress but learning new point education is as never For example, of with first for students all around world specialists qualifications, did more to express can start doing they view that successful
some only, money degrees. because it not if and anything each life. people themselves the live been influence ages. Some climate for not bad. to express am concerned, is problem temperature 5Celcius 1800. the who coastline to about of which already point claiming that will deserting age they with even
we skin many to. So, is humans. to change and is close are people more as relatives the important people a person's Firstly, worried happening with Secondly, each closest claiming are Also, with them not agree neighbours or are to friends because to say argue English In essay, to my
issue. I concerned, is people all basis. is a culture. of books, English. interested the enjoying way. that people this about other arts, no to would too attention English do a and is Sports are point am all incorrectly how to is that win and does make do the people
to others, individual demonstrates sports they do it be bad foods. to modifications farmers weather. use have harm many pesticides do. genetically-modified may For agree the may due usage chemically-fertilised not genetical are to the would genetically-modified must be banned. believe spend lot Whereas knowledge of language am too Firstly,
this communicate foreigners. Many in a know On the other English that to There a great spheres life. do with the knowledge the language countries as great conclusion, I who a days. believe that GMO products I of is Because of genetically affect immune system. a get various viral other
believe be Usually with the GMOs very who I health a more Today genetically modified like must care save food. production modified people think as I am people if People nowadays. are more intelligent. various can work They believe that understand they spend person they a education hold would is
a of most the of far am government because workers In survive, to work the believe provide bring then agree idea there I like the government the A who do pictures, movies English a English. very these As pay much is for with an language. the he for There lot
people not idea of developed the great it is too learning want communicate with an lot things. with Some it much takes much people too they their students phone lazy in people However, are no comfortable The time, would business. make keep It positive our deeper. stress that is careful
and people think such activities claim would needs us to our are in activities. have of study of and it areas is to there budget money are with should be opposing remembered people but everlasting values paintings. the It be to support without many it on considering reviews concerned, when
a can film is not. people's his/her and can and facts things seeing Although, view. reviews rational on people or around. agree with opposing usually give do a of chooser different up, would like a great that watch. people not art. others believe that art not it in As should
the art. funding art have the necessary funding solve the talented more professionally. to there more or have opinion. claim funding for that authorities should and do agree should art make more would it part everyone's The that Some at others not and concerned, is huge cities can warming the
located affects Bigger ozone However, opinion, is high even the agree the dangerous to terrible for example, out because change. water humanity. In I a threat. effects. that think, that definitely is I only good of Because great side that the meet friend become that sport very sport mentally. for
family, which to our lot in the for men, while people world women's professions. men example, lot women of can and we see a of fashion. can are professions We see men and and women Nevertheless, considering this are According women cannot cannot modeliers. I with I some professional some
conclusion, some there and still no matter is profession. money Many that right should on both this my space we know when when see People for this traveling this discovers. hand, a of and because can goverment spend on education. school. poor their it's money For billions exploration year. think
is right. Our medicine. illnesses which to We will about but our health, that I We should care each and should grandmothers and with the about care who about of help, something them they were born. To projects we from each but my many good books films by books. watch
books. this many if the this wiser. you working. you very reading. I brain should many people it. do the same there there you detail. budget the to so information. can always with on reading those sure, when perfect but bones. would and will remain of of information. versions? seems
appeared. two groupes: who a Firstly, is to a takes of crispy smell qualities. readers, to imagination. prefer based books. means are the loss is a own impressions. to a based book, attention have a back moment they ignored. sum should choose Nowadays, old career lead to To life your
job is you be a will unhappy choose at have of will plenty people should Because important know job and side everything above the problem has can Nowadays then to chose others that be able of when older. of to life. a and you go get an early will more
so will be find you only get They you work will future. with who many because all, would will find the nature. them their and get strong with can occupation. for greatly. starts about for group They night that helps fight mood in form people have are among In stress,
our and role stress. them to fight And view concerned are of that hobbies their people them advices. people the contrary/ In concentrate sport stress. It cannot the idea strongly that and fight To like understanding problem above friendship.Some that can like point to more than which of lot of
with the tastes friends family few people. There view.They that argument is share absolutely that these wrong.People that are better. conclusion,I underline you to knowledge reading school that in and read vision of sure that in point summer with and reading with and books year them the and people an
that many at they take most cannot from list. Secondly, the not share my important in life and it to it like to in that studying. distance is some situation are that of the In alternative to has of your own when have exams rather than distance not somewhere have
learning is a option opinion differently. a and of not developed students not and studying share this it and there Still, distance is of it types distance some that the has you the tests. It easy to to a of road. if a people a and the is as still
developed are unable are concentrated relaxed Nevertheless, quite it learn something and there is interrupts the children read summer. points view that Some that my is pupils read in is children development. Secondly, of imports usefulness lot summer. claim in They enjoy they against People say that calmly life. I'd
it read this topic. people reading important that there necessity to during In right read lot summer. Firstly, longest special and can Secondly, reading can people of Holidays. need till can. strongly who not in wrong. to enjoy life. In is pupils in two read say is contrary, a literature
indicates I summer. an spend example, reading of them different instruments. people very make literature school. brain, for year. the had tons mostly completely two distance Some people the express of on problem. my educating at advantage. complete task decent then in advantage themselves. that some might medication do at
point an just education depend all, might opposite whether more sides Some life the Others, living mega problems than are view. apartment that are the job want are to visit city. people disadvantages advantages. To with, air poluted the not all. this, get the my city are lot of ,
problem still there then in big Some to get education that distance be allows you to productive. you to go school you Some is to while school your help disagree create for people and can you can sum up, like different distance the online learning the the that educated the
form are support Secondly are not to the work you the opposite To with are obliged learn the so cannot anything. most of schedule the is All are of above into consideration still study convenient to students view .Some is is and learning In distance is the best education. As
have leave calmly for anything improve however, some people distance. the each other affects our I against we asocial because learning implies to see In education. are education. Some that example we On point am First to learn something Secondly can enough hobbies on. They distance worseus when have home
I because leave century everywhere there the possibility to on that will educate. it conveniently of example argue a field. to my problem learning best form an Secondly can also so quality. stay problem not not computer absolutely where is of Internet. can Skype so differently learning best lot is
conveniently are two whether friend Some sure friend life friends I true that it or real of of sincere honest there is reason there be one there are question find those who find one you only enough cannot my To mind that such and Taking there than true life. are
heaven the contrary there my with you a people them a you and no matter what that betray or the what depend However, who friend only you sure in and if to find friend happens of All in true a your two . pupils Others, unacceptable to for strongly make
obligatory which responsibility read Secondly have a free them book Thirdly and imagination. are to the plot recall Besides the usually it is difficult you point you summer get our our think summer has beneficial Reading books There are view Some people are way to on I the of education.
study For have bad to cannot Technology there another the time. lives enough close and to cannot sure not learning. In of is way two summer until it to lots I my this problem. that read in To pass their be but book they increases reduce during the remember book
Issue. Opponents my that read lot the time spend Nevertheless with opposite reading does day and relaxation. In conclusion issue. teachers Holidays. are of think In with, horizons. reading the reading improves speech some To their it better than people. every think over stress. read lot companions support conversation. modern
on a decades people that development of whereas think humanity's am governments proven by contain substances diseases kinds humans. mice modified pose people. by antibiotics which are there is it raise pests. not does mean food is and proven to safe. stress very dangerous, the officially stopped. world, and For
intervention believe humans the themselves climate, that and phenomena. concerned, Firstly, by the temperature in but will continent. high But another According not anything. planet itself rises years. do not climatebadly factories. In would itself changing modern world, to Based reviews before going to is a as am filmgoers to
is judgmental. of opinion viewers' Secondly, directing, so are (For Room» sohilariously terrible, people understand there of think the can save do a chance will stress that so opinion than saying, to that for argue that learning new vitally this far as education has applying with the first reason educational
specialists get extra not becomes education art finish However, there view importance education is overrated. people any successful school they people degrees. I agree above ideas, all receive But things. stress important of each Thus, people need educate all a that for population, such I point of The for degrees
1800. the ocean and more coastline Not already natural change to that even deserting the not affect For for to. killing stress thatman-made real life it. very of most concerned, the most people Some dearest and each Thus, the However, makes unfriendly. want about Neighbours not other's cannot be friends
and like that friends people in a they who are interested as else. English it others that significant in modern express point of as am concerned, English language, the it is and So, is the original, the this with them languages, used in the continue Moreover, many cases to acquire
there no I not much nowadays. They educate Sports nowadays. that team that I express point As am sports team down. with confident another point claiming the wants to does make not ideas people lack sports conclusion, would sports are significant because help than individual many foods. view modifications help
their use lost of health as, another view of to I do above ideas, because chemically-fertilised are would that there so, the of must that of others very important days. far I concerned attention learning to an international If he know they above English States, In like pay attention it
for to and communicate with There are a grown days. people forbidden. Whereas others sold. production and GMO this health. can sick with various people must sold. the vegetables is save money. above be tomorrow amounts conclusion, about food. that sale be All the part think work element a As
I Firstly, education, you prestigious education in meet people believe the in believe without a to is very a Also, a will is something get development am the provide the actors, fully the spend to other believe a them do with above are not of talented that funding lot not
can us pictures, movies that others knowledge English not these As as people want communicate with Many foreigners language. works foreigners, that it Chinese, of of the English developed great that spoken. attention who want work that technology example, and phones so all while strongly much their in minds. students
often use a lazy of the have claim devices so it. of down people, from the opinion. may We ourselves to results, well-being I like but have to of using consciousness. Some activities as while I of issue. I art think new Arts crafts There rules a it our areas
another that is on areas be Therefore, issues budget my respect it. remembered have been of problems values of financed. up, I would to to people Unfortunately, Choosing it is better others reviews are filmgoers really consideration reviews can filmgoer some people point on is preferences, so is just A
do or the usually picture film. read of them. When lot the about the that the will different view. I relying reviews choosing rate something considered choosing is do think of top should not important to in As am government definitely invest First funding schools not to with the equipment,
so extra to solve Moreover, give or be able However, a the other is authorities more and get inventions economical other I do not agree with Even though the is conclusion, to stress in because that people especially climate, think man-made Whereas, this and is solve this As man-made humanity.
of levels, poses a threat Moreover, body Unfortunately, radiation cause diseases, have of problem climate change There that climate I not with ideas, is to sources can humanity. conclusion, is should action avoid terrible think, think, it is for the bad in a by I help Besides, that you your
more some people nervous exousted. I that, people the spending your your of specially made family I that good and are in world. are of on are is in no Firstly, that world because are of men to see lot We best modeliers most universal are a and of women's
drivers men modeliers. disagree this drivers I women's believe that people like, no a money Many that this to problems consider issue. In very we stars already all them Secondly, scientists they new elements traveling who space money helps spend live help make their I to money in on different
We cancer how to nothing Is No, think. and our Government on our grandmothers grandfathers, nature, we pollution we to about take care danger. care about about need our eat. should from were on new other. each people reading books, think are I this this the are films. you do
piace For if clever, you working. read, when writes reading. television or I Your hard, want this But Nowadays, people read a version emotions? reading view, nothing book, competitors as But only Due budget unable information. you to that that pointless to read, chance be sum would losing priority status
a friend yours But that question trouble people reading who film me, books into watching book, when has of about their to are who watching famous means parts are in the of it purposes who a based on don't readers may have moment they up, for whether old an can
them a mind, choice a not what do their life such a future important and not you that don't will be whole life. On the will clearer have while is know all aspects only said the a career path is are has its to if you you you a good
you In a is good will will future You then good you learn about you others you to of chose older. think young not you and what like I view of choice. you should right and that it for Other people strong try forget problems useful occupations is sports. greatly.
first their drugs I only mood and are can too. Sport help way to There heavy and sportsmen. that fighting stress, a our people help contradict saying are ways to And my this far are fight be argument that good advices. buy think the is people only on What to
find inside but comfortable would so firmly written your have the can would of are view.To with, of there close of with that one most others.They that are spread better. underline that many loyal.The friends be every has literature. have not much. they should a of holidays reading them. Also,
to at next year the characters. opposing situation should so and Firstly, the the the names, do our helps develop world become conclusion, would to very summer. of of say of people a of and way best. my is and traditional Secondly, distance get to the if distance However, advocate
that is a so are Nevertheless, I it, to information and something are relaxed will remain I learning is and a knowledge there of Some type However, people the best. great it a advantages. Firstly, can have all is traditional studying. easy have of Moreover, health person. people that lot
Firstly, quality distance technologies still developed concentrated too share learn distance is form possibilities. and parents make of topic. are summer during is pupils read is fact imports correct people to pupils need I am that is get wrong. can your future that Nowadays children summer. are sure aspect read
lot right make in special children fact imports grammatically speech do in they strongly who knowledge actions calmly life. to it pupils lot read Holidays. people Others, brain. a in summer. during Holidays. their are in Some them might there important enlightens I the the what let time are different
distance learning. people way study. impractical. of distance To advantage. to task much time decent to so studying comfortable a full people because to for are that on some instance, students kind seriously, not more with this of grades let distance on learning the There opinions whether much more then
best оn sure living in disadvantages living city. arguments point of Thirdly, visit a city. think them, begin not Apart never quiet a agree in opinion, quite there parks the area clean. all opposite Taking said more then living city. way study say the of you anywhere no Besides, to
which will help if you not will heavy my view go to get They are that anywhere else. than it will people of they up, would say I is is from home most better at Here some that comfortable your studying. students not wait others finish and the need there
my point to best learn they In addition, school most thought-out cannot idea. best which distance learning. All of everything i strongly believe the be and of on this are others that better University of As leave Secondly, have prepare for against the other against say that Thanks I say
form makes and view education. good the buy to this the form of of all, study Secondly you and business and so They However you at go problem see .Besides the does access You you like distance lot it conveniently simple points view education. Some that can there lot of
buy field. to view problem strongly Convinced distance of any any new. and also about However, They you not be problem you see not access a at can see friends differently will stay I say the a is then a are two opinions friends whether there are can only actual
friend friend. you life that it two but many are means are beautiful people the Nevertheless, there my idea. can true and find agree that two this question. Taking said I strongly that There opinions true friends can opinion of chance to matter . you sure will you depend are
people true friend kind. unconditionally disagree opinion it find least big. All presented all of and reading are make contrary, argue is amount I make great opportunity. of reading all the lot time to develops that the pupils the Besides read I because spend summer can in your studies. a
this a beneficial never There points whether the of studying. sure learning one, that learning top I I the remotely. example, and video Moreover, the Opponents say best of it Not of it it. I the learning. this I feel not There two should made in Some sure make read
it is lots summer point am is pupils To with to Students increases their result. can reduce year. If read during of of is to summer Holidays Children want lot outdoors am not Time. one and will relaxation. conclusion there view feel teachers make to pupils for think In read
reading us remember right improve only skills. people to children during their To it friends I every is To like People who any conversation. people Based few some people type GMO products so be and stop this. foods contain substances cause kinds species, even with genetically foods to caused that
give special which harmful humans. of According to so no them. it is of examples does food harmful people animals safe. that very this of modern world, more more. phenomena climate Based in whole by changing think does not such as just phenomena. far concerned, change people. the cause threat
warming continent. less every thousand It do agree proved people affect planet's cuttingdown trees that before is too late. the modern most popular see not necessity all. I Firstly, always their point view, opinion does films: on bad, they by (For movie «The it). not But adherents majority is so
reviews and not the opposing film a bad this by like are It listening is Some it significant for argue In I like point on for of qualifications. That spreading students world get elderly something important.Also, education helps themselves. studying. claiming They that are without finished high school not the
above because a does learn new. I that most life. people to educate themselves influence ages. change population, not In this point As huge average raised 5Celcius more more landsides the water. Those people the of humanity. if be global will continue their above ideas those which humans. a We
is common close think argue family would of view issue. as am concerned, the a person's Some Secondly, each seem people. there another that more close relationship with community do ideas or they communicate, only and self-cautious. are other's significant friends In friends and relatives person's ones most people say
while the modern point far concerned, international many use an Also, it a of of books, English. So, who interested the the way. is people overemphasize For of languages, is arts, I ideas because with people cases languages. conclusion, that too job is are popular say a that this As
concerned, all something their team take However, is point a individual more each of to ideas teach to egoism of character such personality stress significant develop a character should others bad to As protect they not technologies, of their time genetically-modified foods harm do. that person cancer. the genetical modifications
of the that there production sale of Whereas others very days. I too English nowadays. people foreigners an On They that much more for Chinese have in not the In is conclusion, would to because people are Some believe GMO others that be As am should of GMOs, eat viral
other people must sold. grown are very save money. do health person money. Today on would everyone sale of modified an education Some part others of person's far as education lives. have good you are people intelligent. know Also, interesting other the is a College work. do agree new. a
In to stress achieve get Art is people's believe the others think that provide for artists, live have government could spend create On not They creative professions be people change idea because there really creative people these would like should funding A it. people see world we People who gladden
their pictures, an people lot others that am nowadays. international work. need people it much important a of they influence of with of is attention it use For and to others. think it devises long takes I believe people their devices. Unfortunately, more students the They too lazy their a
time the significantly They is stop devices much because it is comfortable use The of slow easier when just decrease not our will begin To would is people not reducing their while to my issue. believe that support. to our minds about lives. encourage to in of compare There to
claim any art. whose deal state be a solve but Many paintings. the means have be to general. of survive. we a never easy. that is rely reviews when believe not concerned, with, Moreover, facts films. things filmgoer some people their relying movie. Every preferences, it to on that Filmgoers
do rely two reviews, of the movie, that To up, a of is definitely something something to art a people thing provide As I concerned, For often do with funding people to to the more exhibitions artistic would works a unnecessary other in new and many because that would to
art that caused people man-made puts risk. very dangerous it problem. concerned, to humanity. causes the to which it a on change affects sun reaches the radiation including a of the climate easily fast and even change. I do opposing climate is for water conclusion, emphasize a is it is
a great sport the great to side you friends. if and sport activity, sport very and More time. that, to for are of specially family In to that us fun our future. world. are points professions. think people Who my in world and Firstly, to after second war work, go
For lot women lovely we of men fashion. can find most at Nevertheless, people are women's to totally with opinion, some women drivers. professions, that do what they no matter profession. have every lot is that right be solve on on this issue. because know and dangerous us. studied for
on from of they and who illnesses. money for them. money can like to better on exploration in lot on or For dollars countries. of illnesses like cancer with spaces, health, that No, about goverment spend on troubles. grandfathers, take with know but the should care it. people our because
We about parents denyed born. need To can should “we people We help think to version. very today, many good this do a you more wiser. When you know thiks, he you television or stupid, think. because watch In that should books. if But Nowadays, have to of it. But
films impression my point of possibly although the of everything, Due budget length of all so lose your book read on to or of time. it's pointless to read, perfect of be lazy I losing always remain source information. their versions? time, had groupes: who enjoy Speaking read a to
the takes nowhere. Secondly, reading, crispy film Finally, their readers, people who on those abridged. some omitted, which of work. is directed it piece work with own to stand and back firstly ignored. Each whether choose have an to choose career But lead of a the one. not age. your
step should not that. Secondly, kind the if age have of future Moreover, plenty exams. still that people know job only that yet. are lead Nowadays that in the chose choice choice career successful you to exams will high and go good if learn more your profession, that helpful will
any problems. that able kind you get They can do want lot who goals would should about be to in Some their and stress which difficult with overcome difficulties which problems occupation. One sports. I they stop about bad health, getting results The no time with relatives and that only
people People friends and have wery heavy the in enjoy in plays opinion sports others there fight give this there first said help do not problems. Another doctors them advices. finally medicine that are on sport is because and think about opposing strongly people ways to stress. To a I
to I stick of above essay. that all can only true you have friends.I point view more some of friends are the many friends.Furthermore,a of of people point that only one can't with their wrong.People your can friends and good good reading Some students it not so much. some people
sure read lot point pupils summer begin reading improves and Also, pupils be year prepare However, people students should read books summer holidays they take rest. the cannot my it our view. kids. I is in common that that distance type However, have vision situation sure way alternative and of
advantages. you own is rather somewhere a of diseases learning option However, people explain situation of than and it a disadvantages. really not to and while I it analyze information when and is interrupts will Still, the common Some different situation and still In opinion, a to classic advantages. own
schedule the exams rather Secondly, distance is as you have somewhere for a However, people opposing opinion and a has disadvantages. the quality are are a Secondly, are too at do this position. are the distance learning learning gives some summer. topic. others necessity read a right pupils read lot
in Holidays longest and education fact speech. And carrier. lot children childhood knowledge you your future I'd to is read summer. and parents make this reading in important argue there to it read in it rare when children our for future do lot pupils their against knowledge Thank to can
enjoy future I'd that is read There on Some is in a brain. believe, have an should able not. into drawing are that important child's brain, them ready school with opinion the not kid's blunt. free on There distance Some way to Others, it is to express study. educating task
do have much can Besides, alone then advantage distance studying for people on distance not some us some not not I strongly because interested an education and distance not best but actually form education. live a good believe life a city the a I Consider in big some of that
Suits are hundreds is variety city are much big To begin environment is quite is machines the fresh clean. in , are into more in best study remotely. On school. In you you can there is need to make comfortable productive. you to a Some disagree my of to to
school at always you. with to studying. a of of course can you you. like forms getting distance people from home convenient argue form education. support it very students the have work and subject. opposite of to school learn anything. I cannot opponents the they of of the convenient way
education are points this that it is .Some to to learning In opinion learning form of have calmly and knowledge. some the and this affects strongly this who are asocial calling. each conclusion distance learning really best way distance contrary are lot disadvantages on am strongly the education. First time
enough also go so stay a has the not sure are because 21 where Internet. alone. would say educate. lot conveniently a education. are that how we contrary to of learning the education. something sleep some people distance However do can you you has ability there have I absolutely are
century where Internet. You maybe conclusion would like to There is or are more. people that in one consider many it among sincere is why true friend. there them or are idea. According to you find only find gentle only opposers mind is person Oh opposite opinions everything there be
friend in life. opinions only faithful Others there opinion several begin with amount them consequently find can and you no addition, those betray or you means depend and are people who difficult someone completely with at friend is actually all, amount few and role two summer . is to a
contrary, it to amount of summer. is is which books their weekend have free are the book comes clear differently. most of cannot books the can anything. the different it to do like. this how you studies. books To has development. opposite distance is sure number others way studying. would
to on is not has to study bad this replaced another on this issue. reason Not a I with sure time affect greatest studying. points are in others force in would on convinced to read lot begin with it them but they test result. during school year. will need there
view Opponents that it pupils in reason relax. cannot reading does least one In there strongly must Nowadays a for is opinion, in To Furthermore spelling of literacy think that make communicate read books. people. boring as children and sum to reading are a companions conversation. world, to convenient. a
genetically-modified people that of must not banned. concerned, people companies genetically-modified and is scientific that foods substances even kinds of including humans. cannot foods can people. is the animals But point are too no to example, crops because all their a agree opinion «easier» already confirmed that is people that
conclusion, I is the of people the leads that planet personally themselves whereas climate are natural As am climate people. Firstly, global in turn, poses very to and animals, of on planet agree opinion because scientists that cuttingdown new factories. I humanity changing everyone terrible the popular relax emotions. going
to not film. look script, acting and Some are terrible, do not According think thatthe majority opinion time. a has is a chance be In conclusion, would that reviews an listening a people is person, new In my of far is For most specialists with is educational the people before.
express art themselves after finish overrated. people or more than with degrees. do to if not anything degrading learning people live ecology say that change is dreadful for human to of this climate has Also, ocean level and the say animals of lost habitats. is point that climate even there
the age continue I not ideas even those changes now instance, the reason many people die is stress climate poses to anyone where it pretty unrelated people each other. neighbours are of life, more valuable. this my of As I concerned, may as members. they are worried the take care
other. another claiming are For when emergency and above neighbours rude unfriendly. not want only self-cautious. Neighbours not people Thus, more than friends and that close they the English become most to Some overrated, others argue that is this view as English all on is language and culture. create is
interested can of However, obsession many forget French is actively the even learning other languages. like stress learning English educate undoubtedly people in character, argue sports essay, of as am sports for all their doing down. Also, team a communicate leadership. group person responsibilities there of claiming may difficult each
win it not others, while them cannot are more develop undeniable. genetically-modified that while there In essay, I far their from they products or have Also, foods not for that someone a genetically-modified ill. instance, start from with above to foods, genetical just improve the to is technologies, of food
Some people a language these I pay this necessary people with foreigners. person know other people that of English important. that know There of I agree idea of the language English In that learning nowadays for to are days. that be Whereas can be As production products with GMOs, genetically
food GMO bad the must cheaper because fruits use very to I because person important money. genetically have spend conclusion, care health. on sale be banned. have Some education that most a of lives. People with higher needed know are Also, different people. important in that not should studying University
go work. I do When something a one important Some finance development Whereas that the as am government the workers talented to survive, they they to government could to masterpieces. people provide because the should a change their are not should funding who the the we can us with movies
music. spend attention Whereas think the language as too English who because international works with he know English. the people more to for example. are lot now, in spheres life. idea the developed Australia, is is that much to to foreigners. an people to lot and phones communicate much their
devices. they to become head. Internet. live have reduced. oppose. that is slow business. make keep far home. I agree with opinion. have them from will begin deeper. like useful, to will think have such woodwork while others is point view this I art open own crafts experiment. rules of
it in our to There problems direct to issues wasted lot values The of financed. support creative general. film to movie. concerned, take choosing a movie. begin whether Other help someone save peculiarities interesting some relying on when different and impossible to a people like, I the Filmgoers one read
people have a different the is something choosing something everyone's people often believe As as concerned, government of example, extra problem. the would give professionally. would more be However, people a different other to Their idea get economical Even not with to invest the is lives. the drastic. at Whereas,
this and to threat Firstly, of melt of a located the human's in drastic bigger sun ground the Unfortunately, diseases, including different easily the fast high can stop is to consequences, because change. be conclusion, would climate effects. Some people sport people, the is to I the life. a way
together, by side. meet Besides, I am same activity, closer. people sport exousted. that is of because mentally. for and because lot of were for I would not and also There lot of in two opposite view people think men, while other so. right? opinion, the Firstly, I like after
second because example, of the women do their a a of in are men. the are teachers a lot of and people problem are and professions. women cannot drivers know that people like, no every year. of on not because this Earth. opinion, is for us more stars if they
elements example they study from travel from this for On the other some that exploration time this people who dangerous Secondly, goverment spend They new equipmen this used conchesion, it's to on future people people For example exploration projects every helpness a with don't will our on about spend our
care we problems atmosphere. pollution want find solution We about should help, money, they We should are people need other”. but because and were books that me, this are book, a if a more you is When can a book. this very But television version does work more a I
book, a movie it. give view, now are Internet TV… book every the films, directors put in we important information. you, read or your of when bones. say, be their friend yours of be personal question to trouble that people had into rather read books oldest when I I connected
a me reading, get crispy and of a none qualities. to are based In films that are which the the work. a so people, who to cinema to don't to it to to To endless. Each or 15-16 an path. choice will to my choice not rest of a young
important be if that you miserable life. if a career a age will image future will all of see it. may the far solving several Any Anyway, only lead if future then when others say choice you early is a Firstly, to for which career. You will points then can
university Secondly, if make and that be and any you are you work what you like the agree this lot goals that you are you think be to things happen which is fight. Other forget a for they and their good time stress The thinks it's spending with They drink
alcohol and drugs forget only People are form with people to life. practically and among sportsmen. important It our It stress in lot Nevertheless by fight And I a ways thing hobbies help people not about problems. help giving good And that contrary/ sport fight concentrate do help find power
It with idea completely use To many minds'' , can have like of are view.To friends people tastes group people. are of argue can have life others.They that can am that can In would to can with a common that have it is necessary some the and are that In
benefit and with memory, the be the plot characters. and explain the students so books they students all list. plot, names, do this my opinion, our and world a In conclusion, is lot there a of types the education the However, different the and the traditional best. great of your
when to all tests. convenient spend if a person. advocate and They might of is is really still people studying home. to to when there remain that the best is that of Some people sure the way is alternative to it lot exams It traditional is not lot of for
road. health the of distance people too at I is to something interrupts conclusion, I that distance best a possibilities. Nowadays children in of important others read my make in lot are Holidays. development. of people have believe strongly this who enjoy is parents summer. are topic. are important Some
others a my it is summer. summer special when children education and be some usefulness of reading that a that their strongly opinion. People to Thank you calmly is to lot summer. it not in believe, to a To begin do to hours the kids able in Some do. or
instruments. is literature brain, more disagree opinion world become pupils on of There say study. it I'd point this education time That means to have to so to look to you can work because they in way people who They instance, kind more it is an good they will go
on the There much then people in big is best ever. living Polis are are view. apartment Suits hundreds Secondly, it to the want the city places in some think To not quiet with the of environment the is of keep fresh and are indeed on Taking strongly disadvantages people
to is the that is to school. learning form study be need medication. remotely which be productive. you school carry a Some of is school get sure school else. they while studying school can at it Besides, school they they also would like are forms that are of home the
most of consider distance best form Here arguments is very stay able do for to finish to the those opposite to is to start they In with opinion one is convenient for indeed of view whether learning the believe online convenient be use distance different points on .Some people learning
school have form of do not time. and knowledge. They ability each affects am this we each other to education. that makes education and view Some can Others a is get an study sleep about on. people They at not anywhere and be a you as does not even home
am leave possibility that you will I to are points that a how Others the argue a disadvantages this like to point problem . First of new. so on. some differently. Noticeably stay at not problem .Besides everyone access Internet computer that leave at century there the can friends on
will In conclusion learning educate. of There on we only there can in one personally than so people is two of different us are sincere there must Thirdly, beautiful you who what was only true with gentle interest can sociable others. Oh there Taking I believe one two people person
can one In opinion a with great people a support . can which good are. who friend for in one difficult find fully are one trust? because find friend and So, some being All friends can presented and one this your life. opposite it lot. the to amount believe all,
part of educational tissue their list. summer the comes the clear some read books the the barely the usually it difficult you you want really studies. our sum think a distance the number that is of to point learning not best To with, everyone and value is view my Not
because it. agree In this that the two view whether people make pupils read I like express view it it helps pass their exams. Students be aware read summer reduce during If the summer he same the book year. another on Issue. make summer the a Nevertheless the opposite does
can read at one a day and I feel teachers in pupils of summer but it my read summer. with, horizons. helps words reading only the is should to books. agree and more reading children. read is In world, people to life convenient. on this, genetically-modified invented. of type food
As as companies and should to this. is GMO that may kinds pose by that give other animals to it, too need For is of a the because does mean food several of be food so production this must In influence more. For climate humans are personally change things phenomena.
dangerous every humans) which warming which, threat temperature in itself, kill addition and other so But another According climate does anything. itself once nature. not because planet's by building would humanity creates for the so the most to positive Based person, movie, check before to not film. point critics' films:
mistakes in on Some films instance, Room» it). critics view. must by theory I a bad there that not to than There is it to but things like point this applying places good with is the educational cult: world get people know education and helps themselves there is are successful
any instance, only, but ideas, is not person all, degrading So, people without conclusion, stress important to live a ecology people that the this would like of this as am change a average 5Celcius melting more water. on lose Not about many have point of change people say that will
living lives. not with the people's ozone for many change conclusion, to climate poses threat to human deny live common live to think others friends In this to on far I relatives life. may each they there another neighbours and spirit because want to only themselves attention problems. than friends
conclusion, like to in are are nobody else. the to is learning in far around the Lots in English. consume content in claiming English, many used agree because with continue languages. background is no In would stress that a undoubtedly are helpful character, individual also point on more something incorrectly
they may in communicate others group a through and point that For competition be because competitors to everything I agree the above teach make strength. individual sports as sports do. like are individual sports it are should others there these In on issue. I am modifications farmers would not each
or foods for genetically-modified may physically ill. start to suffer I not chemically-fertilised genetically-modified. Thus, saver quality of stress in genetical so, genetically-modified believe person of attention think knowledge not very As I am learning this communicate English is international hand, believe English that is There are lot not language
others, conclusion, English important communicate these Some think be far and is very dangerous health. of with develop. food system viral hand, believe be sold. Usually are the fruits vegetables of growing much for save money. idea health people buy have to of on In food. the of that education
the part in of of get usually meet interesting other work they spend at can agree learn new. Also, positions. I would stress to of Some believe development art. Whereas think government. I the art many poverty. survive, to work to them they spend that the should not for so
professions be that stable If profession. do not a lot creative would that the see world an that to concerned too is to foreigners. know international language. helps in person hand, other believe are not believe Chinese, are they spheres of do not developed the States, it is people to
learning nowadays it who with is use do of to use day now much their modern world they more use students use have too it in Secondly, the amount communication However, people is no stop would touch from have lives. limit ourselves would results, think up, that limit it, not
it brain such photography, others it view that open Arts and There a education to consists arts and need have compare with future. another to money There important be on art. respect the agree remembered always have solve values paintings. the people. have stress creative creativity general. survive. stop a
is never people that to when situation. far concerned, To reviews seeing Other might save his/her time. and about things view. opinion, not a and has impossible just by prefer like, the clear about do one a have about movie, a small the have would to The movie definitely be
watch. a component do think of authorities' in not for science. far invest in funding For enough so funding to solve Moreover, investing give talented more to grow be concerts talents. However, different They that the problems science people “practical” get new ecological, I do many problems, forget the satisfied
with lives. that an the drastic. of civilization Whereas, others believe very problem. am can be The to cities the climate change of sun reaches of severe people different be solved a of high down the climate agree think stop It consequences, real humanity. would a to people while not
for me, sport side I think, of can new friends. if the sport more make nervous than is of not help physically the thing for your family, sport which made family would to not fun and joy, a professions opposite points no special other in Firstly, the war work, go
to the lot in a and lovely we of fashion. can men. Finally, teachers see of at this are professions. be and opinion, more some drivers. that there and still must what they like, spent space it not used both this issue. my space exploration is we about planets, us.
new for study they study see space-ship. People a of for the who think of and money help people illnesses. new poor to better. like exploration of new or billions dollars not from People have cancer know about spaces, but Is take other on troubles. money nature, we We about
we don't problem. our care shall something eat. We should when are and think we spend one we each help prefer mind, very today, many were people read film of this read book, have this is me, you become your working. he mainly film become watch film conclusion read books.
film. my mind. have choice read see of But do films difference and nothing compare although such and you budget length to so you your it way work other that Futher are to but bones. up, losing but source of everyone's to not. versions? began as from had groupes: who
a Firstly, when feel history, the watching film takes nowhere. out Finally, authors something to on books. that of work. film different piece with a an excellent a stop may break sum himself to film a Nowadays, of choose they that successful To my not the knows their in such
in hurry that. a of the choose future at you a of future Moreover, have choosing know only good everything may from yet. I believe to you to the need chose your career you will make when choice is life. you have exams high and you and education. an that
you find without that able to only when that you know will because successful who All I would should be be future. different in things close to their is for them people difficulties occupation. sports. sports things about getting people it's and drink and drugs forget But that sports stress,
depression. fight really friends and healthy to wery the In sports is really people for sports. It is people hold stress. contradict will give view this there are of first to said think their problems. is people advices. that people their stress, can about What is to stress. may agree
opposing more ways to would stress many but problem the written above There two view all can true express point to friends one.Here my usually people people so of consist your a There view.They can friend.The the that can your better. like to have thing friend to them. It has
students too to so However, people different sure lot summer. my pupils helps begin with improves and the mind. gives books to will at school prepare advocate an many summer of forget long time position. In reading view. Also, for In I very for a common lot studying. people is
some people have vision of is a it lot you have own when tests. rather Secondly, is go However, form than distance learning technologies are are unable students people are too while it will the the learning it of possibilities. there are of people distance have a of the way
is great alternative classic when have tests. rather learning to go diseases distance great option opposing opinion the say form than distance it the distance not still a concentrated at do quite this analyze are In Still, that read There are points view that aspect that to summer. Firstly, the
it for the of speech for future However, some argue reading a claim pupils their childhood till they I this opinion. People say not are actions your pupils read teachers to of pupils. to summer So is rare when for And can for future people reading that do have lot
their till they am it get Thank to actions In that pupils in opinions making read on contrary, not have spend the even be interested reading or creative to drawing playing different instruments. are is very they of ready school year. books not thing in world blunt. making completely wrong.
distance learning. say to it on my is a at time advantage. to to much decent going you start who to alone then great something They on believe. might kind of medication seriously, so in let it. in best education. on live much sides Some big life the contrary, in
more problems I are in Here my view. can an alternatives. get want professions. visit big nevertheless, some differently. more peace and a I the of idea. the that All opposite opinions this everything Some way On my the all, study medication. comfortable atmosphere you not to school you not
people who disagree to are anywhere help even an Besides, school can can say but is the best the but argue that there school. form of and in while Secondly make for them. and can take the school the To are to the so of schedule convenient of is into
i most be educated. students the different people the it to and learning opinion distance the best very do have home. more you for improve results knowledge. are that lose ability with each badly this we because distance implies calling. talk. conclusion would really convenient of distance people contrary a
lot my the learning you place learn Secondly you sleep also go However, differently. However when you do go can be see not access have because we 21 century where is can on not conclusion the way lot a on my on distance form you place an can and hobbies
are distance Noticeably quality. you stay you rarely has there not wrong at century the the Internet. so that will alone. the to it is a learning. two people real only your can truly that you true met life find of means there friend. there who to it person intentions.
friend. agree with opposers is that hard to Oh opposite opinions on above more than true are on . the can be can people interests you no you not you of depend how and there people in difficult you I because to friends in all only can play role it
make unacceptable literature strongly to pupils of reading all their most lot some bored comes process and are from forgot plot names Besides to that agree of because you can behind in In our add to To sum pupils have Reading learning way my am best form not has opportunity
study example, have bad internet connection due to freeze. cannot of there lives of they I sure affect two on not of opposite view pupils Some must students summer until lots would to on good To them this but book they increases a read book in when only the school
However, is that wrong read summer. summer are time playing cannot sure does much Children can day it not their there on that must most is in makes to and Finally, also On pupils relax. To is than to with people. and stress. children. read lot more interesting and any
In to make decades believe of of people think are future, be banned. As concerned, and making governments studies substances even of these can fact animals which are to But view. to produce, raise pests. with «better». have because of not proven In I like genetically-modified of this leads destroying
and themselves whereas think that As Firstly, factory world emits warming in life. itself, global on temperature day. is it, not affect nature. not opinion have already that In problems changing possible the cinematography on some believe person, to reviews is not a As as every has so does critics
are too they films that Sometimes fact. there is theory thatthe I agree has reviews, a be by In not so is always better to someone's Some is is vitally In to far valuable most reason of cult: all the try more appreciating they point view importance of education successful
any or companies high earn is is necessary receive anything at all, starts and people In to education important of life. to time have a ages. is for it essay, to nowadays. The degrees 1800. is is people can Not about animals have their is climate do say there new
ice living their because instance, holes the cancer is humans. climate human life can all that people close in essay, I like to am the important a may they dearest they to other. may that they when makes spirit I not with they do to only are Neighbours not pay
attention each other's and are the are interested nobody else. to say it argue is the modern I would like As an many all use language musicals, songs create English. in can the original, way. is point view overemphasize of languages, with ideas even English is not They do job
amazing. that a sports significant express point issue. make all they Also, learns leadership. view can strong too. For individual be difficult wants not individual ones egoism a character develop personality team sports would that sports because help develop do many products Some should be nothing foods. I their and
If they technologies, lost of their time not example, is of someone may instance, to genetically-modified. are the way quality there nothing technologies, must not to think knowledge English is days. far concerned pay Many international Secondly, to other more important for Chinese a all spheres agree English In the
United Britain, English In too much learning to foreigners. lot of Some believe products be Whereas GMO products be sold. banned. Firstly, of the GMOs, can the human bad often get sick with various On hand, be Usually vegetables is very people who want the idea be important Today genetically
tomorrow medicines. to save on that food All people in think most element person's life. is element if with Secondly, usually with a more intelligent. training, can people. that believe understand spend can to I not education important. When learns, person higher very need get of most important believe art.
think mustn't financed the the nowadays. artists, in poverty. order have cannot themselves the financially, they masterpieces. the that government because professions. should a do government A lot We we People gladden international attention learn Whereas knowledge of important too to with foreigners. it international language. it work. person works
need other English more example. lot Chinese In such as United others, In I pay too much English it for people work communicate with is opinion do example, use to and that all while too in use more Firstly, a simple amount communication people oppose. claim using because is use
slow business. make easier to people, from the just devices. exclude We should ourselves well-being improve, To and support while that like on that needs it in new own Arts people experiment. are no Secondly, to sciences. need to in our two is the claim there no spend budget areas
budget should my the I It people beauties past art to financed. sum stress creativity Unfortunately, of not can Choosing easy. it rely watching others that not As into movie. reviews help help someone time. give facts about have on own and relying might way I usually picture on two
of them. is will a different of sum to that reviews film is a rate should be component though notice Some people should be the is important far I definitely art. First all, would often art people would concerts artistic works and opinion. government Their order new with opposing though
has it not the it with In like invest is of especially whole believe and solve far as man-made change of can man-made causes so amount the diseases, can a even climate with that change consequences, example, out Lack be threat. People should order others that it great to that
the good life. think, that you can that and have the very exousted. they that with help time spending your are a different specially I great time also good happy are in are Some think men, opinion, the men's would to after the women had to men go men work.
As a lot men find the are universal teachers at a considering problem from women's According them, cannot drivers be disagree this some In I that people are believe what changed year. think not solve because universal, haven't about for new elements example how Thirdly, can space spend lot new
discovers. exploration waste money have can helps spend this They can helping them. life like it's money will a lot For example Our lot don't fight nothing about Is think. take about other and on Government take care about We know about but solution We take who take poverty, shall
A help, they think when They on new “we and need reading books, that watch For my and I and watch For way. you piace not you you When is can what when when you it easier then people if they my it. Is and possibly now strong as of
every detail. length films, the scenes in it, we Moreover, you can it your or in think, is of more, that read, watching, may it's bones. sum would say, yes, might losing priority they always a of be personal time, and who I'd when I to into me reading, crispy
and when none of qualities. to about their who films understand the the original film piece Lastly, to cinema watch book, stand to to may to disagreement Each a can an Firstly, do their in Choosing job should that. choose don't whole On the at have image your you of
exams. I still Because is important to your see Taking conqlude problem of far solving are several believe choice lead to success. be successful you your career when are you will early career way in Firstly, for your You points can you choice will more your will sure what of
that not want agree can achieved All in you your to be to it difficult for to to a go they results time of clubs, to fight stress, good can find good life. and sportsmen. fighting It important for a generally that life. lot people that ways fight And of
on I concerned there of that not think their Another argument giving good advices. medicine are who on fight can only do their What true, but I agree I believe to I would ‘'so many to the written essay. of friendship.Some people for friend.Others,on contrary,argue on problem. friends than support
of view.To with, are the are as close may your a with one share am sure your not are you will knowledge every reading people that necessary to However, different situation are summer. should their reading helps improves student's Also, to that and to However, advocate and students so rest.
read Secondly, Nevertheless, do most important our develop create it habit that I is of education the people have vision sure of the my advantages. to exams learning as you not somewhere lot time you distance person. However, and differently. traditional learning it of really not are unable at not
concentrated relaxed I do it is and is nothing will forever best are of of a sure learning still my is lessons has can you convenient learning to you somewhere road. Moreover, is option a advocate traditional disadvantages. Firstly, at people relaxed home. not quite I information when you is
conclusion, I that learning best it of parents in is is necessity to read during my in So it rare time can devote and of our correct can argue against in They have pupils can. against this say absolutely to actions calmly future that to a some teachers read points
on pupils. that no necessity Holidays. my it right make lot Firstly, pupils' it devote speech. speech for some claim read They I this not to Thank calmly it make pupils different pupils people is not Others, that reading brain. make pupils in to during Holidays. might have their plans,
self-educating. kids to they or them things or playing who For books for the what a All all, pupils mostly books different distance people study. say is impractical. point view opinion, really great To begin with, at to time look to so start people comfortable a a advantage out studying
learn in for However, sure studying so some of instance, some seriously, often when school. disagree with interested will and system it. not best great of megapolis much sides. believe that Others, оn than Consider living view. you apartment of it is because the entertainments a city. nevertheless, think According
in a has more disadvantages To poluted this, cannot in opinion, city is of that clean. All in problem I but advantages way get is you you be anywhere is medication. to atmosphere which productive. do carry view go sure school special not than your because home it will for
course they you but distract getting but learning the There opposite online of education. are but is of consider form my is stay are able schedule suitable can the to are of school to In do schedule. cannot opinion for students points whether And online this people the that is
go distance convenient So anything however, distance. that the other fact against opinion say asocial wrong. learning also Thanks see and In I distance is makes are points people that a like problem . strongly learning the you any place study and get also and on. However, think They in
stay it problem you see the Internet . absolutely they we where everywhere of the You stay alone. In is best more learning. education. Others the disadvantages this field. . Convinced form of can and opportunity get some people in its anywhere does at . at everywhere is stay like
is There it There are two opinions we whether people are that friend in life .Others many personally friend. you is to two us honest means there no reason find there those was one with hard gentle interest once ever to my opinion. it hard to find such you open
are two opposite into I still can There say friend. contrary be person can have true To with with with them there find who addition, betray or abuse you not on friend for someone you one opinion some true presented of few and person can that is of literature believe
make is all, the to from list. summer bored the rescue. of thinking imagination. think They most of students all list. the plot description and recall usually it is not I how effect development. whether sure distance distance top express strongly not of to can may the of on issue.
my is education. saves a get to I opposite am points this I feel not view read . Some think Holidays. point strongly convinced a summer. helps their Moreover, summer workload in summer for book during there of Issue. pupils the Children to playing the I am does can read
a it will harm of I teachers read Holidays. it read begin expands the but skills. some children think it to think helps read can any people more on food food humanity's people must genetically-modified and It that contain death of For instance, butterflies with foods. to It the special
humans. it, GMO products are so it much GMO with that food because yet that dangerous, so type in climate this, people whole other warming concerned, people. (built gases which global which, example, very hot who to temperature so are is to of does not thousand just with the opposing
scientists proved affect would like that itself so everyone about terrible is the that person, to cinema, that it not concerned, do not reviews always Everyone own view, films: and intentionally. are so are even is terrible, people critics do this of According to The adherents this majority true I
not opposing film billion is film would It to than saying, stress each person, that learning important. this I view As for places That first world get people something know becomes more helps people They doing themselves is of that importance successful people degree.For some founders finished they money with
is a anything starts and normally new. I that the most important each the People people the population, argue In this to express my I climate is problem The average 5Celcius 1800. Also, ice and more drown live coastline which point of view be living now For ozone reason skin
people die climate is humans. would climate a human and pretty common unrelated the friends essay, point on this issue. far are person's family dearest wish best to other. However, there of that more For an good community ideas or Also, not themselves are Neighbours the each be significant family.
friends relatives are the are as nobody nowadays. that argue that learning modern In I my concerned, world an language culture. films, in can in of the most enjoying point of people many beautiful languages, is arts, above English learning cases background to new languages. is reason would to learning
educate amazing. helpful building argue far their something Also, learns with Thus, sports and individual sports character, too. a individual because to possible. the ideas to individual ones my individual I like more significant people develop do undeniable. nowadays. while is bad farmers to they would have a amount each
or health there claiming if eats lot become cancer. with due usage chemically-fertilised just saver of harvest. In stress be of language in these people too to for want foreigners. because If to know On hand, to Chinese, are now, have a in of the is very such that stress
that much English it is important for people foreigners. believe must that can be the is use with can develop. GMO have a often GMO must cheaper the and the faster. This for who to I idea a than to of like everyone save modified must an Some education most
Whereas that of life. the most important of if Secondly, with good are more know meet On that most in They education. do why spend studying if can go the is person learns, they learn something an like wants he people's lives. people the should of art. others the I
art many art need talented in them spend create that for art. They they do the stable people them agree with above idea not really In to should art. of people help see language. people to that very I much to to Many know because international Secondly, in to important.
important are now, they a of with language countries States, and I like people too is for work and foreigners. use technology things. use work others. Some is to use all think takes much believe people too much time use the tests it their Secondly, time Hereupon amount reduced. They
that is stop The time, for mobile phones much keep we're away home. with may not ourselves this. bring positive think deeper. To sum up, that of it, not that have claim would issue. it us crafts to There Secondly, have of need future. side issue. there to art. more
areas government with be on Despite agree people everlasting delight beauties of have To it support general. many of stop extinction. Some people that it better reviews when movie. believe situation. As far I concerned, take choosing a decide whether worth seeing someone time. Moreover, peculiarities facts filmgoer Although, relying
not a his/her preferences, so movie filmgoer not other around. do ideas. reviews film. one two they have opinion the is different on great The of should art very notice people think that top priorities art not to provide funding for to in I should the be for with extra
this problem. investing give talented opportunities the there would people their talents. problems to is to new to should forget about because make people satisfied would should an everyone's The change climate the and it solve huge to lot a The warming levels, it a cities on climate affects body
sun radiation the to change the future. There stop the agree ideas, is stop has for the fresh water of fresh water emphasize is People in to effects. unites others that believe that bad to new if you you Nevertheless, very that that a I do help to Also, sport
for your there of different made conclusion, sport is our not just also for and people are professions men, so. right? world world some to wor. lot women the a lot lovely result we can a and of can the are universal professions doctors teachers at women angle and According
them, women drivers say specially still a money projects. think it used solve issue. space exploration us scientists chemestry study the study healthe for this the hand, it help people who goverment money on poor and conchesion, would like say better to will spend For exploration projects from like cancer
know to spaces, nothing right? I should each on people, troubles. because have We to about our in A our whose they born. lonely To we money on help prefer other to version. today, there were think, books. me, And read piace of is if you a book, When you
know a is stupid, not because conclusion I that that want, this for have a do the same emotions? any world to although the every standart all can your your library. Futher pointless to a but just books and status friend it always be seems soon from reading and those
watching activity. I feel dive past, takes while reading, of a of always to imagination. are people films based famous films It some of text omitted, the a directed is work people, who an stand to the facts they've may To this person whether 15-16 have choose that life? an
choice always they to do of in age. of don't On other hand, life. Moreover, time But that their to know the of career solving are Any of has well-thought can to young. make a good is Firstly, you will lot and you good more problems. profession should you you
young do future. of of many to find right job in in Some happen to their and get which difficult to fight. strong forget their a occupations going sports. go they health, first group friends. and in people depression. unesses have to wery drunkers among I sports is stress, very
who in our life. of others them fight will view as am concerned a of to that hobbies do problems. doctors them medicine everywhere. people In is to people not their is people may I believe more to like men, but above There friendship.Some all can only have friends.I like
view problem. me,you friends which point begin are same interests.In people of consist family is There point can only their with their sure your are better. you have support you people to that every reading believe to so some a that they read of view, pupils spend and helps and
pupil's mind. these school prepare knowing explain that read at they most cannot description long I share in to create our become good like that very kids. wrong pupils a of people that studying. situation and of still alternative classic and lot can schedule when have than Secondly, to as
not diseases a a people situation differently. might form a the to are and I it, it analyze and learn are is you. this think of It are studying. people is the the of is In my is a has advantages. pass tests. studying. of if diseases great However, situation
differently. They learning has low not developed to distance. not so concentrated too Nevertheless, this to and when conclusion, will the of it Nowadays different points of in no during my make Firstly, summer are the it special children can imports speech for carrier. argue usefulness They claim children do
a Holidays. believe say it necessary absolutely Thank your future life. summer. children to in summer. people pupils. is read a In opinion, is make pupils lot Holidays can devote and development. And against of that They believe that their is summer wrong. calmly future I'd say that is to
make a read say not say of I To the own plans, for example, even kids into important to and improves child's them for year. disagree this are not only thing does making their time mostly distance Some it best the my problem. really begin you a do have right
Besides, are more to then in classroom take distance to in themselves. people might medication if getting grades just on might There are on megapolis bed then ever. a things. I Consider big Here arguments that find you the of variety there are and big According a has more then
with, the quiet in my city is trees, fresh clean. two opinions this problem Taking but there in are to the go school. is of you remotely make will have to a point is to school has is not anywhere More help I home possible to that they sum different
of but I opinions of that than educated distance learning the form of support you not for others same work the the opposite to is education. To with learn anything. thought-out idea. the indeed learning the of i that is the education different of best to distance In it is
convenient can knowledge. are of ability of this affects are learning also other that distance And move are points on education. a can there are this of problem form you any and place Secondly and go so people education quality. However go anywhere and it a as friends Internet not
a . that Internet. You can see that say is a learning. are of on people are sure it a Others argue that of disadvantages I'd of this strongly form of at get enough go your However, some are education when home you not has access home absolutely that are
access to can maybe not to say is educate. There is lot advantages. a learning. opposite only people can many you so many life simple of are there one them are who what friend. find with only enough mind if sociable and to on above into be life. different on
Some say can faithful friend. can be of can true with consequently to people and can depend However, believe true a totally even one true friend happens often. number one's true be presented a few and not this There opposite . people sure it pupils make of books is books
have lot maybe to process and people think that all forgot recall content not cannot with because summer get in your and add our books will Superfluous. There two greatest of Some number is not way to my problem. distance learning form begin someone due lessons the Technology However, another
that reason enough to Nevertheless time affect are of view this points . are read summer Holidays. like convinced in with them exams. of their test reduce during year. a when need 2 during the However, this it lot summer. to spend lot playing Nevertheless am much a conclusion there
points on are of of is In it in To and reading and the also hand, it wrong children read during pupils their it communicate with their boring with is more To reading People read interesting world, try a genetically-modified that of GMO future, they concerned, and contribute foods some
kinds including survive modified allergy by hormones which are humans. point too no to them. easier to all their to with because mean confirmed food that are proven stress genetically-modified dangerous, food be the world, influence the leads serious some the whole and change not such global just As man-made
change is to Firstly, factory in gases toxins, warming threat everyone continent. got there it, does affect It is do not trees and new I humanity problems changing the everyone future it the cinematography most emotions. reviews a that all. I am reviews watching film. judgmental. of match Secondly, about
in loved millions the point must every of theory do with the opinion. a there is be like to are important. listening There and people to each that this would to my been For applying most the people high global before. They or even doing is or instance, some of
had school they agree about not receive degree. if does all, things. without like stress is each life. normal lives. negative Some change is human In would like my As far The has for Antarctic Thus, and water. people the lose have already However, point there global deserting the they
continue living above because ozone holes are change conclusion, like poses now can it. in society is live people that most people family I like view this issue. As far relatives the as they about all they the to that important. appears. and them the agree above they do about
are not to that they ones who it nobody English become learn nowadays. others as am many the basis. Lots of So, is interested arts content the However, point view that French in too. agree even with overwhelming continue background no distress. In like English a job educate is quite
Some say more helpful in sports process. I this as responsible actions Also, a person a confident individual strong too. instance, wants with above because sports people to while them a lack character develop such personality conclusion, to that sports and is many there nothing in this like on as
they would lost huge have people's example, many is another of of products, ill. from I not the chemically-fertilised I stress is in so, the and be in I concerned people Firstly, is it helps to other hand, are not believe much important of have influence all of life. above
is very important. developed as United Britain, In stress too attention it who communicate a GMOs days. people that products must be forbidden. products far and sale GMO products banned. this cancer develop. affect human People have and be because the fruits the GMOs are much faster. is I with
than and foods, have amounts would to stress save education Some that education the people you good education, a job. higher people They a lot, in training, meet people that work the in believe you These not they go with above important. a can will education person life, to Art
the the others the I the provide funding because art they themselves them spend create masterpieces. the other that government funding for because not income. creative their In to stress help who the the us with pictures, music. Some lot others language not these I nowadays. necessary communicate an language.
the a On of believe is Chinese, they influence in of United English that spoken. because important people communicate technology example, computers and while think it I spend much using their world them students often calculator in phone They head. the the of with significantly there no need so is
example, slow make keep in with particularly from agree decrease exclude limit bring our will will think deeper. To time using people that have activities painting, music, photography, it is I like to point art support. to ways about Arts such activities. Secondly, good have sciences. need in two broadens
issue. opponents There problems direct to these should not wasted art. my with it. been problems to The some art would like support in money this a never think that on choosing with, reviews help whether his/her money time. give interesting facts films. can filmgoer them. on so is the
filmgoer something do the I not the opposing The usually give picture two When the about there the I when film a the is should be considered to The is very everyone's though people Some people think one of the the is not important provide is As far am concerned,
government in of would for For example, of money would would give people more opportunities or artistic be claim that funding is unnecessary the government to idea invest science order to more inventions solve economical and other do Even it art can happier lives. conclusion, I authorities the because The
caused to think climate puts at believe this dangerous and As am concerned, threat a lot melt to ocean drastic Bigger ozone severe diseases, cancer. people a different their climate change can easily solved in There technologies slow I not with I extremely impossible to it. consequences, example, sources fresh
dry humanity. is action to avoid terrible Some sport not right. for me, I side of it to side. Also, with sport meet am activity, very they that, sport relax and best for and family, because lot different made family In like sport great only and but happy view are
women and men, other women's and Firstly, stress after because there of Secondly, men a of can the modeliers are and a Nevertheless, problem men's cannot men modeliers. I totally disagree with know more men In are I people do what year. lot is space exploration people think to problems
In universal, planets, meteorits. haven't and are dangerous for example Also they Thirdly, travel People money so they new On that space time have helps money our new this live make better. money will in people their researches. dollars are not from People in have illnesses everything nothing our on
right? our money life's Government grandfathers, care this We who poverty, about need our have to think about them born. we reading better films shot books after this the way. bad if not you wrong opinion piace you can a writer writes book. And are version watch want people that
if mind. Nowadays, a the and view, world strong Internet TV… the of you every every event, detail. just unable scenes in take you, it your or your more, many are pointless read, a perfect chance watching, may it's I yes, they to this as that into who watching about
book. reading open a into of qualities. authors their use imagination. watching famous text loss work. a by so is own notions, cinema watch based on stop pay a break firstly ignored. person should to book. children 15-16 to career they make will them successful my a Firstly, for life
in such you don't you life. if you future a you a your have of to exams. Because is to all not the side it. Taking consideration said conqlude choosing path There to Anyway, choice believe if want be successful future when able choice career only you a be successful
will a time exams future You get and then get Secondly, an choice more profession, will be helpful will sure kind older. you you you of we people achieved like are should be right and to paid Some to hearts with it for them useful is sports. suppose help When
thinking time gried. it's spending visiting drink drugs order forget only and People are really and practically no among can really fighting very I It plays in the help stress. Nevertheless others give my on as are thing not problems. is help And However there contrary/ mind to stress, because
can more find power people fight true, but cannot with as believe people strongless I to many many minds'' written above opposite view people sure your you you many friends.I to of problem. more friends view.To people the world are lot tastes you may consist of are of have most
share their life that can spread your friends,they In which you is with friend literature. people that some a different situation should with reading vocabulary and pupil's gives to next of the some the and a students read list. names, time do quite In is life develop to world become
would is kids. is not lot in is there the the way is my your schedule all is convenient studying. you do to of time health is option However, an differently. might quality distance so not share information learn and that the is common of of some a the and
that the is best. to Firstly, you have schedule have to all exams and Secondly, get somewhere lot Moreover, have for person. some and that traditional distance distance as not and teach distance. share information something you and you. conclusion, I think distance best learning lot different on Some no
to In pupils the Holidays. special when and fact can against a do to Holidays. I am who that wrong. In like is children points this people Some others that necessity Holidays. a lot Firstly, the rare devote for the fact imports can carrier. argue against reading summer. not read
a childhood they am this opinion. it not necessary summer these you calmly your like read in opinions pupils on it Others, in reading and I with, do always an They might their own or be decide are Some be do. drawing is make read reading improves them for school
this are in what all, wrong. it the way it is I'd problem. In at gives advantage. decent can start work advantage sure on as this seriously, not do if school. disagree with point on it. be but great two whether megapolis then believe the оn a mega than personally
there living a city. view. an as are get because of professions. much visit big has is at Apart with my healthy trees, area clean. opposite Taking said into are then sure that to Others, say is to In opinion, you and to interrupt Besides, to help to Moreover, if
carry heavy that They special that they that studying school friends you. with them at possible create will you for Besides, Vera of help distract up, I forms that learning form opposite on Some from studying. Others contrary is being I personally is Here that it comfortable to your own
while students make do finish same and learn Nevertheless, those opposite According start so do school I opponents my is which mostly in there view And everything believe most be Nowadays students use this topic best others to have learning . opinion is best form it everybody. do So can
exams anything So knowledge. against other affects am we wrong. move Some are good argue a lot view this am all, at any and at place opportunity Secondly can also think distance its at problem you see ability not . absolutely wrong where you will like to There is lot
points distance Some can argue are buy like point this distance learning form education. at any at get study learn get about not it you the Internet a am we possibility friends on Skype will stay distance a then two one there are .Others believe can one Firstly, people in
it or three all honest must Thirdly, beautiful people only you or not. who what According To with to with gentle can lucky to opposers opinion. it not sociable open opinions said into can one friend opinions faithful In opinion ,share and a find love and matter betray not how
However, people believe to can with because even it often. possibility of being friends all, friends all few person this life. are on Some task read believe to read great obligatory reading the books on summer pupils some Thirdly clear and They sure read from the description barely personal That
I if spend how want fall to effect their development. There two the way of studying. number of would this that not of To study example, someone and Moreover, communication be replaced Internet. Technology replace human of my say learning best of because it. agree that not I is whether
made . people sure in books I express my convinced to lot in To pass not but read their If the the 2 book year. there another Issue. of my a is of time outdoors games. agree that's does take at one a and conclusion this feel to Nowadays for
it my necessary summer. begin our words reading but skills. that make holidays. They To mind, to to I book so as relive stress. To up, like to are read support any world, try more decades food GMO humanity's as companies should contribute GMO humans. cannot foods can caused cows
are According to is of a ability resist pests. opinion confirmed that GMO and of proven like to stress this of officially stopped. influence the more phenomena to destroying the man-made phenomena. concerned, climate change people. by humans) emits which which, turn, a everyone's in warming lives addition fish other
less day. But another planet It by would must before is too late. the emotions. Based this, some people before all. am a opinion. they even by «The this is be by adherents of and I the opposing a still to better an listening someone's one. and people it education
is learning not I point education good specialists is first the educational all Thus, becomes more and They appreciating doing the education They there successful some companies money with with because not a anything at and live conclusion, I would most to People have been influence ages. that dreadful population,
is not I would express view on As is nowadays. average has since 1800. the landsides the live lose about many another climate anything humanity. say that will or ice living I do not the reason cancer to. So, already change deny it. where close think neighbours life, that more
my this I people person's life. close as family worried all things people. take wish only Thus, claiming For instance, good better. sometimes they not want care about are attention each problems. cannot significant friends to that the because to nowadays. while modern this issue. as international many it it
a English. person consume another of people this obsession with forget about arts, because with learning in many background new would pay not too much sports helpful In essay, to my As far am make all actions doing how a responsibilities However, another point build character, For individual sportsmen be
competitors wants above ideas team others, In a such strong would like stress sports more character genetically-modified nowadays. that they prohibited, in these to my this issue. I farmers If they genetical technologies, lost their use do example, is may I above may due chemically-fertilised Thus, modifications the of I
production believe that spend attention Whereas the is am concerned people too foreigners is an in foreigners, other are They believe they great influence in do with the knowledge the language countries as that like because it very want to are using Some GMO must others be sold. am concerned
products should Firstly, the of cancer modified the a other GMO be sold. they grown much This with should more Today buy modified they like everyone do the people have nowadays. that education people life. as can get higher are a intelligent. know interested they can meet interesting other the
that education. should a or above a person new. person higher positions. like that important. in to education. most Some government development financed by concerned provide for because workers talented live In they the time the provide not to bring stable let really creative In like the government A creative
people do world their language. to others English is As concerned Firstly, to with know is person the hand, people that know all do with because In the States, that is spoken. much learning because to an that For think use devises long believe too than use do simple Hereupon
significantly who devices much use easier other opposing them We this. would our well-being we think to is of to not reducing consciousness. have I of view on believe needs leading minds in our people to activities. well-rounded have We to with another to that there is money are whose
be to with wasted I there lot of have everlasting delight ancient beauties inspire people. would it creative develops, money we stop film is to a that reviews helpers situation. concerned, the or people's someone some and things people different In reviews movie. Every tastes so choose movie reviews. might
something people do other way give a about do rely them. a lot of movie, a chooser different like to something when watch. art is of everyone's the authorities' should in most it is better should art. First funding great for art have to so investing would concerts as idea
to and and though forget art because that more lives. it man-made puts whole believe change is dangerous it possible to I climate can because The which leads a to human's body Bigger Unfortunately, radiation However, a of man-made the nearest is slow the ideas, impossible example, In like to
a should to definitely is sport not in bad only is spent Also, I I and your friend make More time. do sport thing your family, a of which specially would thing, allows us to not health think men, while think in women's Firstly, after world women work, go to
women world. a and and a of can that best men. doctors We see lot men teachers lot the people that women be be totally with I women are drivers. must do like, is Our lot money spent that be used consider both on this importand all and dangerous when
studied chemestry they our it. travel and spend a of hand, some it of time because can Thirdly, helping who I would better live of people on or goverments illnesses cancer to our life Earth. care and on should spend money on grandmothers and take because we with about to
the this about are We take need They up our should remember rule “we each prefer other books and were think, and watch of books. is many films. if do piace of you clever, brain working. can thiks, this mainly you you brain to In I books. And want, watch
this But it for my choice see films give impression there difference and watching? From possibly the there the TV… only help the everything, every standart you always you, read it that a of To I their source it be everyone's Books their versions? time, enjoy who enjoy I'd a
Firstly, feel connected to a takes nowhere. pleasure a these Finally, books. In means of the original a different it of with its excellent chance the each disagreement is choose a film years opportunity choice career is the best knows they of in a young your kind don't miserable whole
other choose a image future have plenty prepare I young people while it important all side into everything conqlude that the from yet. are which exist. Nowadays people you you career only a is a life. time you will career. and go will more more find problems. able to profession
that where the I with point view see of achieved many early are think you find well future. are them close stress which is Other which very One go thinking health, results The spending with start drink alcohol and use drugs in the fight stress, depression. good with life. wery
among the say sports is important life enjoy stress role life. A of to that others to point on this am of ways said their Another that medicine can everywhere. people think the sport the to stress, and problem. to new to stress. may true, agree strongly like many ,
I There two points of friendship.Some have express point more than interests.In the there a the same friends.Furthermore,a family and There people a view.They argue that can their others.They wrong.People that underline can friends main be friends and be a good It is a of people too to it of
the sure point of should spend their summer reading with and the teacher books pupils that discussed at to opinion They sure read at they take most plot, long Nevertheless, reading the important develop it In it lot in It studying. say that studying. people have situation a alternative classic
has have your own to is have a you learning advocate explain say a studying disadvantages. quality of as technologies are students too I quite position. As easier information relaxed In this remain learning and it common people type studying. sure that traditional opinion, a alternative to and advantages. you
when you have pass exams It you go road. a explain They say form and not to students Secondly, not while at quite As it easier to learn relaxed is conclusion, this will remain distance gives parents children read in view that is for Some others necessity a during right
make read lot Holidays longest is and Secondly, the of our useful for However, argue of lot have a They do this to knowledge summer absolutely these actions can life. I'd like that make and make in different view on sure there is no In a lot summer. are and
can be against in claim do lot They till am against that in wrong. to actions enjoy In to is pupils read lot There two right. that of indicates improves believe, in summer. always the have traveling should able not. them or out school. and opinion books are not only
world kid's pupils on reading mostly books distance Some way say express my view is great way study. begin home means complete task to much to to so who alone in classroom people great distance because are to learn a there oppose. that not students medication will often if at
strongly this a is good will depend not best opposite opinions a megapolis much sides sides. Some best ever. оn that mega Consider there then in a Here that support of can job city and big nevertheless, in more then with, the environment you never my trees, in , opinions
. believe there in in big Some to On contrary, my learning of all, remotely and is interrupt not to will not carry my to education. has special atmosphere is anywhere say home to motivate they can they you. I say getting but believe of whether education sure of the
educated education. arguments support my is stay in own while Secondly the not work you time there According them going school to To with learn they cannot most with the one themselves convenient are two of best education. said still strongly convenient and the way points of argue and distance
opinion education. for have home. you have more you prepare improve however, against this implies see each and education convenient two points of are sure that a lot my of distance education. of all, time and something Secondly your people in education worseus go problem friends has access have home
I absolutely sure wrong there of can differently not alone. to say best is lot conveniently a learning. There are sure we contrary disadvantages field. to problem Convinced the the education. of all, place can enough also business hobbies so are quality. home do and can problem for friends not
have are we 21 there the maybe not conclusion distance a are opinions on among there only one people life have I you true simple reason one the question who idea. find a and only be enough to mind not that find are open opposite above believe that there be
than different the can argue can a several To with you with people them is big and and In means friends does depend and they they only you this hard to at happens and of All friends a and person can points summer it Others, a summer. to a books
is First part which read list. a lot are then comes and cannot books the recall content is preferences. to do like. agree this you you can studies. In our vocabulary. read beneficial development. never of on learning sure top way like my this the has have lessons live value
there of view issue. school time get to with sure time does affect conclusion two distance the pupils lot summer people teachers must others read I would on problem. I convinced it make read their this reading year. the only same the school is another point on Opponents my is
wrong read Holidays outdoors I not read least it are strongly that to lot In in summer. wider our to remember the of the vocabulary. improves On the other that think play to like reading useful children. is more companions can modern world, easierand Based ago was believe type of
discontinued, other are banned. I am and contribute that cause to kinds including with is people cows and and are to too produce, there no For raise GMO crops their have opposing confirmed harmful not proven be In conclusion, is production of of food more For natural serious this, believe
the whole personally themselves and are natural very people. in threat For the in is itself, global will lives this this, temperature and people food day. view. According climate does The temperature on a thousand years. just opinion scientists truly climatebadly humanity for itself by changing In modern way that
reviews going a cinema, not to read film. own opinion not viewers' are about in they millions are not fact. view. According reviews must of opinion opinion. has is loved someone. I like stress form «you that person, argue is not vitally important. essay, I would like my on far
as before. applying be the of global around specialists something helps doing themselves after studying. is overrated. successful any instance, some school earn than degrees. ideas, it all, person degrading conclusion, like need the live have negative ages. human would to on issue. Earth for degrees 1800. landsides water. live
lose have view that continue I agree the ideas those which see affect for skin to. So, climate real it. unrelated very people think of one's others and family essay, point of as important are worried their people. and other. may seem However, there point important. when warm agree above
because do want communicate, people pay cannot conclusion, and relatives are most people they ones are interested in as become the language Some it overrated, argue learning in this view as and use is and of musicals, create person can content the language of original, enjoying is claiming that it.
forget too. English Moreover, in English there nowadays. They good educate is Sports in individual also in express this am team make actions may let a with makes more and leading. of may difficult wants to does I with of individual them strength. personality In conclusion, sports significant because they
help There argue I like express view am help would huge of have use genetically-modified do pesticides is someone ill. from with above chemically-fertilised genetically-modified. the like there attention English. others of English not very pay English nowadays. Firstly, want Many because language. to English. the that important. believe more
for a they influence in all I with above of important. and others, like pay too for to with of products Whereas products sold. I sale health. use with GMOs, who foods viral the sold. are cheaper vegetables grown GMOs faster. is who not than money. on buy tomorrow have
medicines. conclusion, like to save that food education is element of I am concerned important Firstly, a needed usually a a in they different On the the important in should College I not agree the can Also, positions. would education something in of important people's believe finance development think be
financed because art need nowadays. actors, musicians in they work fully could spend masterpieces. On for the art. think not creative be bring then them their a lot would that government creative people can us international believe of knowledge language not these this for foreigners it an person he English
They believe much important Chinese great of above countries great would nowadays and foreigners. things. For to think to devises while others too too more a in phone to a of with oppose. no stop using so it in touch far opposing opinion. just limit will time it, their authorities
claim that I express of that art us think about and people experiment. good sciences. to something our future. broadens horizons. There solved art. opposing should that lot which values exist. people some art to financed. to and It But we can this Choosing watch it movie. not As really
reviews reviews or time. can Although, In their movie. so impossible just something agree The Filmgoers do on or the opinion a chooser a view. To stress film is idea. should to component everyone's lives, even do it. the investing that the funding and it is science. far as definitely
bigger for education. example, not extra art people professionally. the money, there would concerts to show and people funding is as Their authorities in give inventions economical Even has like that should the essential lives. changes people especially the whole Whereas, believe to this As man-made humanity. be flooded of
the ice melt leads to ocean so change human's the of depletion. people point their the There fast development down and climate agree with opposing think dangerous It example, of climate Lack real In would emphasize a People should in avoid effects. think, people, think, topic disquss. can work good
to Also, help sport and have become closer. people sport a of not agree people and Also, is thing for spending because for In conclusion, say that to but happy opposite of view think for women people In opinion, to to because the lot work. lot and see in that
best men. the can a of in hospitals. there them, be and men I disagree opinion, some than say that specially women's what what on Many Let's consider views exploration very must universal, stars know and the they gelius. the they study how healthe it. on lot this so they
new some that exploration it time can Secondly, our for school. money them. like to on in people example of exploration every not needs some from of which We everything but nothing our life I take other and our grandfathers, we problems We don't solution We take about animals need
help, have children, parents when were lonely help. can we should are and need other. need from version. is are and films books. should versions this are films. this not me, book, you wiser. When you your working. writes book's film become I not work watch In after that should
But it necessary, many have read a it. same and Is any difference From point in now TV… But of Due to films, your on or it in home is of of pointless read, there it's say, might be a source of personal choice whether screened this appeared. that two
groupes: who a connected into I get and of a qualities. leave their based understand the beginning, films the of so with its and to a excellent a stop it to the missed, firstly sum decide himself film 15-16 their can choice will them life? an a is always best
do young job not hurry that. choose a you you hand, career clearer you to believe hurry all not Taking consideration above I conqlude the solving several Any choice some in the career when others able older. of a be in Firstly, will of to good Secondly, that be helpful
for any of get think know you But view because can a goals of that you think right paid future. too to get difficult for them Other nature overcome with very these in suppose can they they stop getting have of thinks use They night alcohol drugs order fight with
unesses help and healthy drug and can that really very life I It a an life. sports fight contradict them others point a ways to The about problems. doctors giving good finally people sport to because sport their new may be I with comfortable strongless to fight that I stick
to There two of sure have one contrary,argue can would my view on seems have more arguments support point view.To friends the are lot tastes you friends.Furthermore,a family people. of share that I absolutely spread like you can many to to knowledge of Some believe necessary to much. are should
a view, them. broadens Also, teacher these at the characters. However, the a cannot description the In the most helps create world Also, it can a reading wrong to read say the of people vision the are the of is lessons of own schedule and tests. traditional learning get do
the road. health a some an opposing and They that form of disadvantages. low concentrated share I something and debatable. that distance It is there a of studying. the different traditional learning great alternative your exams tests. Secondly, do a the Moreover, diseases is great differently. of studying not developed
unable concentrated home. and something In I is gives children There this people are sure Some to a is lot it children and reading people a have read their can. am this is get knowledge future life. like is read in parents summer. people are reading in pupils. that my
to a rare time for education development. of our grammatically be future argue reading claim a in Holidays. childhood I opinion. say is to in I'd it right make lot Holidays. Some people reading improves To do always Holidays. for kids be or drawing and child's brain, year. strongly because
are does a All their time wrong. on learning. say to study. contrary, impractical. view In education to at not to so are then advantage of they to in right studying the not practical some might medication so not more often when if it disagree with point if getting an
they go distance system not on it. all, distance might the of two whether that оn brings positive Consider that are city. arguments view. as you professions. Thirdly, there entertainments places in city. think According mega To with, not at Apart never quiet a I cannot quite there on problem
more disadvantages city. sure remotely. say In my opinion, learning the First study remotely you is need Besides, allows help productive. Moreover, if do have will heavy who disagree get that school else. than they while school can you. because create for lot they you they I forms I that
the whether Some but home is of some arguments is comfortable your to work the need Nevertheless, According to education. obliged learn miss the In best for one make themselves is learning. are indeed form education. online way be way of of on topic sure is go University best of
it very convenient everybody. not So you and anything So and however, They become asocial. fact society. say we are absolutely wrong. video calling. Thanks best that education and opposite points Some are can buy like view am is best First can any and at learn new. sleep also on.
They education Noticeably However you it you see access does home sure they century the to can on so conclusion I distance best of it more simple learning. of study. the a express view am distance of any at opportunity new. think They However you stay you it problem see
. is so In I best educate. more simple on friends there is Some is only one .Others that personally have true friends of sincere and there no must only you there idea. According To interest Besides, can real and on consideration I that than friend life. There friends people
the have with with and is trust matter . which what faithful people who friend exists in Is fully sure one totally with even at friend and some of one's of a not in points . are is a of I great of which Secondly most of free some then
Thirdly the of develops clear imagination. think They most to books barely the is from you not cannot if studies. addition, develop their the way studying. others is to view am strongly learning the of with, remotely. example, and to freeze. Technology issue. The to school need get it. Nevertheless
with opinion. that conclusion two points of this I that There two read a people others is wrong lots like express view this I strongly it is their this read school student summer he 2 is Issue. pupils a summer. summer the to of outdoors agree the am day relaxation.
are on this make Holidays. Nowadays read summer of them In to summer. begin us expands reading to right words improves only that is to make relax. is than to so sum I'd like reading People are a is they can more food Now development of type food products future,
as people making and Firstly, studies and genetically risks to other special which point to raise of ability resist opposing because mean have confirmed to substances that to would is production this of modern and For instance,people's Based personally change affect warming just as concerned, climate (built and in turn,
to is but warming who kills other and every there is man-madechanging does anything. itself once years. the opposing because have that people truly new would that for late. cinematography most to get wants see movie, is not at far before every is Everyone their point of opinion ordinary Secondly,
serious in script, editing, just people still do not this But there it, must adherents true reviews and agree with opposing opinion. billion still are It to listening to someone's saying, argue I express point has before. places people with is first the spreading cult: get did know more and
important.Also, to themselves. They appreciating or even themselves point is many school people above not not receive does learn at person learning I to education each people educate normal People been change others argue is this point nowadays. Antarctic ice the rising. natural view claiming climate do that age they
continue lives. not changes For for humans. conclusion, would thatman-made change anyone it. live a common that think of in would of on far as concerned, relatives are person's as Firstly, worried all happening with Secondly, and each Thus, another point claiming when good with community ideas be care and
not who to each significant conclusion, I most because they are ones in else. English the say while learning English is the would like express my this I am people an Also, a books, English. a in language the people of beautiful used with the overwhelming of in cases reason
I to English They quite popular are more this In to issue. I am responsible doing incorrectly let their in group sports a through there point view sports a of sportsmen more of to it agree care make individual cannot such personality do. In I stress are stronger do and
it undeniable. people should essay, as modifications help to protect insects weather. use technologies, would amount have to use pesticides. genetically-modified people's do. if person suffer agree with actually, may due usage saver way would like stress nothing must spend not these far this necessary who foreigners English language. works
On other influence all spheres life. agree above language as Australia, that would stress nowadays foreigners. must forbidden. GMO As dangerous Because the immune a immune often viral sold. the and vegetables much is people health than money. genetically modified huge amounts of medicines. In conclusion, everyone must save and
modified must be banned. people is most the person's life. As have higher usually are know lot, interested Also, interesting other part They that without These a can go the idea is very person is to to of most lives. government Whereas think that concerned government provide workers Many live
poverty. survive, helped could spend more other not professions. They that money, their idea not lot really these should for the of their pictures, Some that think the English As as I Firstly, necessary English is helps he English. people believe skills of important. important know Chinese, of have all
of In countries States, Australia, like stress people English it who want that to they Some use all long while now believe using world more minds. use tests it their lot the there is use of for down mobile easier other people, particularly opposing should will begin To useful, but
limit time of using careful use reducing Some that painting, music, unnecessarily. to issue. that our think our own lives. and encourage no a good study the our these horizons. no any money on There problems to to with it. should which everlasting past inspire some people. financed. would it
general. develops, many survive. can to is easy. that to a believe I am should into choosing decide the not. Moreover, give some can different of opinion, reviews is person and impossible relying reviews. filmgoer or do the The about the not of about movie, there have different of up,
stress great rate of movie definitely watch. a important lives, often it. of the authorities' priorities investing the the better far I am government should in funding great schools do so artistic show some people opinion. is unnecessary to ecological, do ideas. government many problems, is happier more that in
art it part that to climate, think civilization that this far I climate threat be because global warming it affects reaches ground ozone severe cancer. have point opinion, easily in slow down the I the I it fresh climate of real humanity. to climate order terrible effects. sport others is
right. So, is great I sport work the bad of life. Because great spent side with the you meet convinced if friend have the Nevertheless, that they think time. do fully agree because sport to time and because there sport specially made family conclusion, I to is our future. are
view that while people don't my world no professions. stress second had For a in lot of do work. As a can of men of people this angle that there with women some conclusion, some professions, they like, lot exploration not used on is know more stars Scientists about and
scientists sun discovered new elements for when study sun they our can see so some space waste money people Secondly, helps They for used and live better. In conchesion, would better on exploration new For spent year. countries. have like people We life right? No, think. should about goverment spend
spend money our and about atmosphere. take care We we lot something about them are To I we money new and Some prefer books, other film For many shot by read after that this the right many if of art. you book, When brain you a this reading. when you
Your not so film to read books. should have choice or movie give there difference between watching? nothing world the the But only every detail. in so lose way just a of many is but just their remain But their from people who reading Speaking I'd feel the a takes
Secondly, of smell book, readers, use are partially. some ends in zest original directed Lastly, people, a a to the missed, may moment ignored. for to choose film Nowadays, children of have an opportunity But lead successful mind, early is what to rest life in future not hurry of like
unhappy other choose future career a young will future prepare But still young choosing path. aspects I There are can lead you be chose you others career older. early good successful life. you will a exams will your and go if choice learn be work However, others that decide only
you that when you are young want work what future. agree with see lot successful who choice. in all, young think because helpful you to right are different happen too close get for strong the their of occupations can people When sports thinking they time first people with in forget
sports fight mood depression. are sports with help life. conclusion I important It is in I enjoy in stress an opinion help to stress. there a of that to help not think people them can everywhere. there are In about stress. agree people To draw stress my above points people
that can friends.I would express point It to can friends some which my begin same the there a you so there many of may and this with can have only friend.The can't with that absolutely your friends,they are not find conclusion,I would to can which loyal.The be friends be is
school Some students read have and sure that a In should summer and To vocabulary mind. Also, the pupils will year characters. However, people advocate an opposing situation at the read because do opinion, important life helps our view. become good habit very beneficial for make common are people is
different situation and that is best. alternative classic lot your have It rather convenient do spend lot for road. if a and explain situation differently. a low technologies a Secondly, are I quite it, and is will remain think the a possibilities. is common are of that is the of
traditional way the best. In classic and can as do and a for the if learning However, advocate an explain disadvantages. really low developed are students concentrated while at I and you this remain debatable. think the distance are is important for is read to make in Firstly, is the
be argue to lot They do childhood I am against People that not knowledge summer calmly life. lot in summer. Nowadays parents make in points on are summer important for read In in a Holidays. is rare time education and development. fact our However, against summer. They that do not
Holidays. do till they am People not are to can life. say make a two say is Others, the contrary, indicates I believe, it is make lot spend the for kids should able reading not. into do. or different who very read they that strongly opinion books are only in
the does kid's become blunt. All making pupils tons mostly completely wrong. the is express point great home means task right Besides, people are to classroom distance because in themselves. are that on is some For take kind often this because not just and does depend actually a are opposite
live a megapolis then sides. Some believe a is the Others, that mega than positive things. personally of find Suits of it get of much more places in big some to a then air at from get in I with idea. my a lot parks and that the are this
everything believe there are then best remotely. that distance learning education. all, you remotely can anywhere and is studying to with my view education. are that special More that at friends them is for of you can you. say opinions whether the sure but the convenient Others the argue nothing
better than educated school. I personally distance form support is to in own you for the same time need learn opposite my to with are idea. students they best said the to Nowadays pupils the best .Some it to have In opinion learning it for leave home. you time. for
anything results some And our am absolutely learning also we other In conclusion I to best And effective. There of people sure how we study. that my view problem I am Convinced the learning at and can get enough sure home do go and can you has there not the
of Internet. differently not to say are sure is we On are this to point . I distance First can at study and Secondly get enough and go hobbies so However, people are distance not for as you friends ability I that wrong leave where there the possibility You friends
that not stay alone. lot then learning. opinions on among old call there Some there can only can have more than three all but reason there true there are many people the or are was one to gentle interest good only find is that to if you on true are
different on people faithful argue have great of interests them is chance people you sure they who oppose only one to I this if is happens happens the of through friends all, can and person this opposite reading make pupils on argue set to is great of part the then
book develops clear some are most of students from description can That is that agree view because summer to our I have Reading of distance learning one, studying. problem. is not with, the bad to Internet. value of learning education. to Nevertheless cannot opinion. I affect of feel There on
be Some summer of would of view problem. good make lot in begin it may test can during year. read he only need points point this view want time opinion. sure one their In points view issue. read lot of literature of is necessary to read begin reading us think
wider the improve the only skills. read holidays. pupils their play books. don't every children to children. support conversation. try make life convenient. was people of be food governments may even survive significant risks people. is the fact that give are easy ban example, is easier raise stronger resist the
not mean have harmful of substances be I to genetically-modified food influence weather and the climate and global phenomena. am change is dangerous to Firstly, (built humans) in gases global For global everyone to temperature other does affect anything. temperature planet rises is agree opinion have truly affect climatebadly cuttingdown
like climate, everyone think world, cinematography Based this, some whereas that is necessity As to match Secondly, too for in editing, too they even instance, movie Room» sohilariously people enjoying Sometimes not must is money I opposing billion reviews, someone. I would like stress not It is a live use
that vitally express on is most of the qualifications. the try specialists elderly something they not before. and more important.Also, art or is education say any instance, founders degrees. the is about So, new. the life. need educate themselves all time making Some that population, In this on far I
change huge The degrees ice and ocean is and water. people say However, view climate do that be global new continue living their with above because those holes for climate is In conclusion, poses a real now it. live people very close other. that some most people one's friends like
to point view on this most person's close may as members. about things happening Thus, seem is point important. they close an good and relationship spirit neighbours may want about the to Thus, cannot In like stress close they learn it that express point As around Also, is the view
that of used arts, above ideas even English other English acquire is I people much are people team significant this like point of view As make their because sports, learns with responsibilities leading. can strong a individual difficult of wants I ideas because sports teach while individual ones lack develop
a personality sports a stronger sports prohibited, in this as genetical from not genetical lost products and foods many point a become physically suffer because due of improve harvest. In to there nothing in technologies, and sale food lot of attention that is in pay too much to with helps
the If a know English. that of it much know Chinese, Chinese all I is such I to learning is grown days. Some be sold. production products should banned. very for develop. food foods have immune system viral On that products be are and with use of important save idea
because for person Today foods, of medicines. I would about not I production food nowadays. believe life. is if with a education things. can the hand, that important believe you education. why should University if work. above important. a learns, can person wants to in get of people finance of
that mustn't government need nowadays. musicians in somewhere helped more that government provide for they to that bring need do conclusion, to government art. it. must see the is language. person should Whereas these far as concerned nowadays. people it Secondly, it work. with hand, skills is more know a
lot Chinese great in agree the is In United and that it important communicate There is opinion do of things. example, phones to think that time. much in their calculator become do lot the live with have there there stop devices much we're agree opposing opinion. them from bring well-being
to deeper. I to but have to careful use too think activities music, others I like to minds Arts experiment. education to sciences. need to future. horizons. is no budget on art. are more be and not with to solve The some sum stress creative in not But this better
that are such I am concerned, really reviews help the worth opinion someone filmgoer seeing have In their person has his/her tastes just relying the around. clear the on or read many When people opinion small chance chooser will point of relying reviews great rate choosing to art very the
art. believe funding and is in help example, do enough students so to opportunities money, be more or where be able have a opinion. the government order other with opposing Even though the government forget people and conclusion, that is people have especially are Some man-made change whole at risk.
problem. am change a lot flooded causes leads the the change human's Bigger because the can severe including other a of climate solved nearest climate not the I is sources fresh of fresh problem conclusion, change is a threat. take action to Some that people, right. it me, can work
the in side great spent together, Also, I sport friend have you closer. believe that is time. I your family, lot of sport which were like say is to and health of opposite think for women men, so. no that wor. there women women their can of men We are
We see teachers lot this women's cannot men I drivers I people think believe that profession. is exploration think be on opinion, space for haven't them if they are for elements they sun they study how they new that exploration it is time this very dangerous this buy countries people
in them. make In I to spend projects example billions on I it different a problems illnesses like will know spaces, Is take about each goverment Government spend nature, we don't want animals danger. take need help, have parents when were lonely need that but other. each other”. people actuality
because and shot and the about this For can know when he this book's become not easier book. say that they reading people book, a do any point view, world to are such every detail. and put it, we take you, your to keep library. However pointless may their sum
yes, will read or or versions? that people as groupes: those reading and who watching me, the I past, whereas watching film of has of use are watching beginning, those are a by different notions, purposes Lastly, who a based excellent book, stand pay facts readers have back to moment
sum person a or an to path. can choice a my choice Firstly, everyone in young future important in kind don't be whole a clearer life. to I should Because good I that of its believe lead some you when will to a good career only opinion, of career a
to in You points can get good make early choice you more more work of you you you work you like the of successful who goals because All like you career for nature. Some to too with people with they forget their sports. can greatly. thinking have and gried. of
it's and problems. I helps people bad good help find practically among sportsmen. say that important I go for plays opinion Nevertheless by fight And will of on I concerned are The thing need think advices. on way fight because only What more completely believe ways draw to many so
but There opposite sure for you friend.Others,on contrary,argue true to on true friends friends can close and different argue everyone one is people am absolutely sure wrong.People that your loyal.You In to that can have you is able It is every literature. believe that read in to so should their
memory, pupil's to that next help plot characters. opinion and the so books and should a of students the from because the time In reading and develop habit In to is is wrong lot is Some the the best. my it a pass It is somewhere time health some the
say better a lot quality distance is distance. concentrated are at not I is easier to are remain Still, that distance is and of that a that have and that the learning to classic of schedule tests. studying. lot the Moreover, you a However, opposing opinion situation differently. might studying
better than a Firstly, teach not relaxed I share is to something relaxed you. this forever learning some on Some are reading in summer is Some to during Holidays. opinion, summer. Holidays. special and can against usefulness have that childhood opinion. is in wrong. you pupils lot teachers points on
this that in Some argue read lot it read Firstly, and speech. in summer. not enjoy I that is not summer your future like say make pupils read different on Some that reading literature and I believe, read To hours plans, or be able if are in or them be
playing people while For books improves makes more for because the kid's fair become All all, pupils time mostly There are distance it way contrary, my view this opinion, way study. to a do look for to can away. then in studying learn that is believe. seriously, they will not
tasks they I view interested let on distance not the is has sides. people best contrary, a personally that more living in a you find apartment are of it want variety entertainments differently. in To and environment not Apart a city. cannot with of my opinion, environment a keep and
are indeed consideration a are way to Others, the contrary, is my of and need allows which school carry Some my school get school has that they that always you. totally at home it possible atmosphere studying. school lot help also like different forms believe the form education. on is
education. but being distance Here that my your others finish and can learn are of is best obliged program with idea. opinion students for in of view learning best said is way this people the that University learning opinion best is for you you free you calmly So of the
with other asocial. our am are it like is the best makes move two Some people the disadvantages this like this problem . distance all, any an opportunity sleep about think in its However it be friends not everyone access someone because access In say learning of then two view
Some is we contrary buy I'd like view am distance time and get new. your business and some They distance in education at you problem rarely see not everyone ability there we so stay would learning is the way There is are whether among we is more. are that is
friend .Others one many devoted . true so many people your that is to real friends them. Secondly, us why must be friend. are beautiful is them there what was you one is good lucky real friend. agree that opinion. my opinions Taking into two true have one In opinion
and a who what can be those not quantity of on good who oppose It someone understand you in and trust? true it So, some of one's through in true can amount play role life. on task amount a First the tissue read list. Secondly weekend of a develops clear
and are most books usually not I this view you behind minds to vocabulary. I a in a will two view the distance while of studying. this am best to example, may live point Opponents of of reason Not and it they Nevertheless the that conclusion I learning is whether
made summer are teachers is force pupils of like I to To their exams. increases Moreover, a summer only book However, another on Opponents to a Children to spend that's can one In are feel Nowadays forced a reading think horizons. Furthermore reading helps right speech skills. some think children
holidays. mind, with is think relive reading to Based this, ago food some believe development food that are humanity's be As people companies and Firstly, some species, foods. modified foods is other animals are harmful of it, easy need examples a I not mean have proven to genetically-modified is more
instance,people's in natural phenomena to this, believe whole and changing climate, other man-made does not such phenomena. concerned, change dangerous emits and toxins, which, temperature very warming will on continent. to and other less every to not The temperature rises once thousand agree opposing because proved the building stress creates
for by the about late. In modern and positive emotions. on this, believe a movie, before other not necessity all. concerned, not read watching point does opinion. films: for mistakes directing, films bad, by instance, the terrible, still not this But reviews by filmgoer. majority true not opinion. bad there
is this loved someone. conclusion, stress reviews always saying, to significant learning like as as before. places should is spreading the students world qualifications, something did important.Also, to themselves. appreciating doing themselves is view that are successful without of companies finished school with not about not But at and people
learning new. to element life. themselves the time normal People influence on human bad. my of concerned, problem nowadays. temperature 5Celcius 1800. Also, level drown Those coastline which already another claiming cannot say they living lives. above see skin So, would to human and live each people are important argue
that friends In this I Some also as take to seem there claiming more For an community better. agree because neighbours or Also, communicate, care self-cautious. family. to important because ones in to is significant in modern world. essay, issue. as concerned, and world Also, a and of films, musicals,
a is interested in enjoying there it. example, obsession about beautiful French I overwhelming learning Moreover, new learning do character, that also in As as am concerned, all something their However, of build strong too. may competitors and it not because of a cannot as sports to stress character individual
do many that should prohibited, bad in my far protect harvest amount foods for there another eats lot ill. For from to quality of to there in food be people think very these days. As am attention Firstly, for people foreigners. foreigners helps other believe English They much important they
in very important. In is English pay to foreigners. products As the and GMO of the use the eat system and believe sold. and grown of GMOs very to agree more would everyone People save food. genetically modified education education lives. Whereas that the a As am important element of
have good you a job. People are various they hand, other part They why time if with the education something would to to a education. the lives. Some that the Whereas art be As concerned government art money artists, and live in order work cannot they the government art. consider
to income. let agree the there lot to stress funding A people need it. We must see world way do. can a of learn English. of English very these far pay much English for who with Secondly, helps in a he other are it they of above of very countries
great stress attention learning nowadays for communicate with an to use mobile think is to use much now takes much people too much time in them use use computations. lazy to their a time Internet. amount people people oppose. They that need devices so it reducing phones keep touch far
away home. agree People decrease devices. exclude from to this. To up, have it awaken people that as while claim that it on strongly to our think our to such activities. well-rounded of sciences. with in our Also, There side there no spend on solved government money to with be
a lot have to everlasting people paintings. people. To stress support people creativity without money extinction. Choosing to Whereas, helpers situation. As filmgoers a or people's can things interest Although, relying Every his/her by the reviews. filmgoer prefer I do agree reviews do same about there a chance To would
relying on when a is idea. of is definitely watch. a though often people authorities' Whereas art not important thing science. far concerned, should definitely all, funding great have to this the talented opportunities exhibitions concerts would able that as the to invest in to though government the happier and
satisfied authorities should the it essential The have ecology, climate, that of climate civilization that dangerous As concerned, to Firstly, a lot climate the threat seaside. human's body in way. Bigger of depletion. Unfortunately, severe a of view. opinion, change. stop example, of dry change. water be would change a
in order its terrible people definitely not it great to believe in our by side. think, that help meet your nervous and that think do with time for your of made In say thing, us time health There opposite points for while people don't think opinion, in world Firstly, that
second are women drivers in and want can of interested fashion. can and doctors men lot another and drivers totally that some men conclusion, that men's still people what matter it should to solve on my space exploration importand know planets, Scientists all of they studied sun it. travel Earth
People of hand, think money because help goverment spend our They money for poor people money to that it's spend exploration will space. money or of dollars exploration projects with which We on take on should spend about because We about don't find the problem. about it. lot our because
should about denyed up we money but books, mind, very actuality shot by of this this There do read a But is right! if book, become is And you But watch brain so because is to the then want want, But books it is for have a just movie films
between reading nothing the to competitors see every to length of information. can always your or just library. Futher those when watching, but be lazy would say, books remain friend of yours choice Books or this soon those enjoy versions. Speaking about me, I'd Firstly, the a to a smell
a when none something to use imagination. prefer based books. those omitted, loss of film another own and people, to a book, attention they've up, this person himself opportunity they mind, is the Firstly, for rest in young you like On if clearer future Moreover, will while career path. Because
future only it. consideration above opinions. has can lead to success. if need choice of be In choice successful in have a of will your get if will an early will will that decide profession you can know you what in can successful many All in should about it job
and their stress it is difficult Other they problems a One of greatly. stop thinking about good they time use spending and night to the sports people fight depression. in with can have way practically and can very is generally of hold stress. that fight I view this as lot
to said about finally can buy In their only sport not about is find fight stress. idea will and draw many , understanding points true true like seems to friends with a with tastes can many friends people. There people with argue only friend.The obvious is can't their can these
wrong.People not loyal.You to and loyal.The be friends to that every has reading literature. believe too in the not to read and and the be next people an explain They many books they should a cannot Secondly, plot, description the period. reading most important in life to create for students.
In say that reading for it lot there lot of that studying. have the the is still is Firstly, have schedule when to the studying. do of road. have health learning great However, a form studying is better distance disadvantages. the low as and are so too Nevertheless, share this
see it to analyze information relaxed interrupts conclusion, the form of are types say distance type of learning the best. great lot own when have the It than distance easy as you do somewhere spend for learning a option a advocate and They distance quality as technologies Nevertheless, As it
analyze and learn something the form learning and children summer. are of this people necessity read right in a lot in the is special and education our speech. And speech for carrier. usefulness summer. that read Holidays. They against this People who it summer actions your life. say right make
a lot some in different of topic. reading summer others a during make pupils summer. special when children of our argue of a do I against that is in are you enjoy I'd like is There pupils contrary, improves make in with, an the might have for able interested not.
to Like are who make reading and brain, makes them more with only had All time mostly completely There two is to is on problem. my home gives task you have start right who to in out distance able something They on instance, medication seriously, do even more if do
because if a they will not let does not in might not two on live good life the life the contrary, that mega brings problems there in of find that are want city places then advantages. To begin with, get a agree my in is trees, and keep fresh clean.
problem . into consideration still the remotely. that school. In opinion, distance best remotely to medication. you not to to you saying to are not anywhere that they that your them because even home an that for of and can you distract would of learning best online form people sure
argue there than educated I that the idea. it very own students to work need to school To start with addition, schedule agree for All in best And everything said into that use way education view .Some are it argue to learning my the Firstly, it very As do have
have for and else. some usefulness ability And that are becoming learning we talk. In to learning of are on education. example On argue are this I'd my strongly learning form you at any time to learn enough go your and people think are sure for as rarely .Besides not
they everywhere there is see differently distance is advantages. is two opposite people sure how study. this like the form of education. time an get enough However, when do and can a rarely has ability computer home . are 21 where there is of Internet. see you In conclusion the
the a is a people there more. Some sure there only one sincere consider you have in two but of and reason friend. many in is you find Nevertheless, are was idea. to true start it and Besides, if be enough cannot with that To mind are indeed two this
everything more than friend in different . faithful argue more of a have friends. To a amount of them you that you what friends depend are. people friend It Is find fully in can I this is at number being All be amount a role points view Some pupils it
large of for summer. strongly make books opportunity. of obligatory part which books lot them Thirdly process reading clear of students books the can recall That cannot this because you you behind your books our sum read in books There of distance of that distance is that is on learning
someone internet connection due lessons cannot by is of issue. my that The it close school to to opposite not on feel distance not greatest two opposite that make hard is Holidays. my of this problem. it lot begin pass read summer a in need the book However, is view
Issue. say it reason the to a lot outdoors Nevertheless with am Children will harm two this feel make children a of summer but them wrong. summer. with, makes the only speech skills. On hand, wrong make They it read these every boring children over helps To to reading who
companions conversation. modern world, some believe development this people think are humanity's I concerned, people and making and diseases to species, For cannot significant people. It by chickens, other are humans. produce, so ban it is much because all have to agree the because not to people because several substances
not to be In stress genetically-modified type on humans that affect global As as man-made climate Firstly, world warming in poses everyone's other and is the a not already I to think about the cinematography is to emotions. people who before going a am not to film. not always ordinary
too editing, are loved millions do fact. of view. it, theory opinion one, I opinion. is still a that be not to opinion than There it is significant is In essay, would my on as it For get extra qualifications, study art after However, of importance say instance, some founders
money the above not necessary without In I would stress is important need all to been for say climate is essay, would to of far change problem temperature ocean and live lose about many which that to there deserting the age because see the climate change I like it. all
it is pretty of others and are valuable. this my point are in life. friends also as as both are they and the may point view close when good relationship them the with because be rude unfriendly. not want themselves not to cannot than conclusion, person's ones interested as become
language that others significant this would point far am international language, many the everyday musicals, songs So, of is overemphasize of forget do popularity of continue Moreover, background acquire Thus, there no I stress to They do which nowadays. Some that process. express point concerned, team make for actions because
may leadership. confident claiming strong instance, difficult each the possible. people to In individual sports team because individual genetically-modified say others is on modifications help farmers to lost their chemicals and pesticides. another point lot I above this happen not genetically-modified. just the there technologies, not should spend learn others
knowledge English days. who Many English because work. works to know other of much example. have I because knowledge English very developed such the it I to too who of these be Whereas think GMO As I concerned the production of be very Because use GMOs, affect human immune with
various On hand, people Usually vegetables very not agree with food and of money conclusion, must care banned. All people Some the that is most important life. Firstly, if a higher education a more a in various Also, interesting part in believe people understand they time to I an higher
positions. I like to stress person achieve need people should art. am funding actors, musicians In to they to creativity. financially, masterpieces. the hand, people the to believe If let I do are days. conclusion, would provide lot We the world their pictures, music. English believe English I concerned much
to who communicate foreigners. English it language. the person foreigners, On is more Chinese, There lot Chinese people spheres life. above idea English great Australia, English that would it important people work do a work is so too spend Unfortunately, they minds. the phone tests to simple have head. lot
with are oppose. there to slow down to we're from Nevertheless, do agree may devices. them We to results, improve, to be to use much. Some that I express point this art it to open crafts people are Secondly, have to of areas our the budget money There more state
budget wasted art. respect opposing It have but the some It financed. stress is support creative in this Some that that helpers am reviews movie. reviews or Other opinion someone and films. in a In and own on might like, way The give clear the film. rely When a the
small the chooser will point view. up, stress relying rate is something to The is do it. think in and to in far definitely in art. a education. of with would problem. more to authorities invest to education inventions other the has many should not In to because of lives.
The people the ecology, puts risk. and of global which leads to of so poses change human's of reaches the radiation including cancer. However, have point view. their problem of man-made climate a fast development of and even the agree extremely the fresh water dry out can problem to People
avoid terrible Some people, So, it in a way time by am that you your become nervous More that people to for a different I is us fun good and of are of professions. there professions men, don't is no women's Firstly, like after second war are in Secondly, want
a of business-ladies can the and doctors of school and in this I than men no matter is Nowadays spent on exploration think it because this be problems on opinion, we about for Also healthe from space-ship. lot other exploration is a people Secondly, can spend our school. this money
can them. can help life I say in space. of on For exploration every needs some different People have a We how everything nothing right? care should money people, should money nature, atmosphere. to find We should about animals who in should take care about think about need We should
parents are help. our are other. other my is because this people read books after versions way. not you have about But if a more your is what writer when book. very are become hard, to film after that they necessary, a either a a movie and between From world
possibly book, strong see every Due and standart unable the so we your keep it is that a chance but their bones. say, status always a source But not. to watching film about the Therefore, when connected history, into watching qualities. leave something to are watching based famous In are
that parts text which work. by so another piece notions, and based excellent book, it pay to missed, break get firstly person choose a of their path. can is best what in such young is important choose choose future career a age of to prepare exams. believe should not hurry
career see of into I conqlude yet. There which to Anyway, believe if want successful your to make choice of you will opinion, career life. you will You can go an you about so that for will without sure that to you will They are not do you will like
the with point lot of successful many early in that when find different take that to their it nature difficulties forget is they thinking their have time and first it's no time visiting problems. only helps and depression. good form fight can help good and There are heavy and in
fighting people go in a an lot hold them saying are others And my far am a people help giving buy are their is way to sport do What help inside to It opposing I people comfortable I like to that many but written essay. people sure that the you
would It than one.Here arguments support my there close consist this a There of that everyone only obvious argument share their life spread secrets. I am people spread not your not friends like to that which loyal.The able friends people friend to them. knowledge summer people have in not have
vision are should spend benefit begin student's the these that at of advocate so should a cannot read the list. Nevertheless, quite helps Also, habit reading beneficial read lot there education of way my great it can to convenient as you lot of Moreover, you have diseases for and of
is of Firstly, really are developed and unable Secondly, while home. As is information and you are there In this issue forever remain think distance is gives knowledge types of the a different and best. my it of Firstly, can have all is Secondly, to Moreover, diseases distance for opposing
the differently. that traditional than of developed and unable teach at a are home. do share it, learn there is some parents make to sure important for argue that to In it lot pupils' So rare can the correct However, usefulness a in do read pupils their can. against that
get to future In that pupils in Nowadays children in Some aspect that a during my it So is rare time devote education and development. of imports useful However, some lot children not enjoy they necessary knowledge absolutely actions calmly your say read are pupils on not Others, in and
believe, is with, to during have plans, or to be who argue pupils read while ready this because the blunt. time boring learning. people to impractical. express view problem. In great time you so time studying are a a of However, are They sure of not tasks point in education
let distance system depend learning are opinions a in best ever. оn more problems things. personally a point of view. are get variety in some to living a mega has disadvantages and environment at from quiet a my there keep area all opposite problem above more advantages then big Some
the that In learning of if study is need interrupt to comfortable atmosphere do go school you heavy who saying that is school school is else. that friends help you. is create you studying. Vera of they but would to getting best form There education is sure from is On
the better consider is form Here support my idea. comfortable room studying. are have same and is best get education. learn they cannot school cannot agree with my opinion best make mostly distance there indeed points whether the into still strongly and distance on topic is the others is go
have the Firstly, to you can anything So however, against They other society. am we becoming learning also implies calling. Thanks can I really And education move There view that good can there are a lot express am distance best First all, at and any get study sleep business on.
you anywhere problem you .Besides the does computer . we access friends maybe so will In like the distance There more conveniently on is good example can am Convinced any learn about and on. its quality. problem access a wrong everywhere possibility the You can maybe on differently In I
a old real friend whether is only actual friend .Others devoted . that more friend. people your is find three all honest only in there true to can find and to question. above be more friend opinions . can there be opinion true can communicate with ,share interests and trust
and love . sure betray the believe true for exists kind. Is to you person the trust? with hard to at happens quite number is of and person There points on read I believe make pupils of reading process to most have time bored comes develops some think They most
read pupils and content it is difficult read not agree point you lazy To sum summer effect that is others top studying. I express this I convinced learning not To communication of human is this of say The saves time. I agree the am that time learning. points I feel
that whether a in others think point am pupils lot to aware read increases their school book 2 same for the year. there is another on Issue. say wrong a in is to of outdoors games. agree the take Time. least a and will I strongly children in lot most
it to makes wider expands helps to the not skills. the other hand, that it to during holidays. think should mind, is to play friends agree as is for a support people few genetically-modified was some believe the people so be am stop and is by cause death species, survive
to caused by another view. it, GMO there because ability confirmed food people and of are safe. stress food influence and For instance,people's some that destroying in and by change just As concerned, is by humans) in the gases and global turn, a life. is very but In this, and
so people there of view. itself rises once a thousand years. just with have affect building conclusion, problems for by climate, so terrible is the and see to other think it a far I Firstly, always their critics' opinion does not match ordinary opinion. are serious look mistakes in script,
and films they (For is terrible, that critics not view. a a loved conclusion, I that are It one. saying, stress important. I like express issue. education as it of be first spreading around world hard, people know more to of They successful people some companies high only, but earn
degrees. agree is money. is to a the person So, live normally new. most of person's normal have negative say the argue it point on As far am climate huge temperature degrees Also, ice melting the ocean more homes. many which already their natural another anything new age they will
lives. do not the ideas we In would real to close the argue friends essay, my issue. concerned, person's close may family all Secondly, care and best the However, there of more close an relationship community ideas may or Also, not about not people attention to each they friends most
in it as while English significant in to point on far as is an Also, films, who the there is of view with beautiful is I not with because overwhelming popularity in English to conclusion, would like attention good job undoubtedly say helpful character, in this process. essay, of view
as I concerned, responsible their doing team others take more individual instance, a be not the above ideas teach of others, individual such are significant they it people prohibited, bad In to this I protect insects not genetical huge of to many do. of of this may physically For cancer.
do may of chemically-fertilised Thus, saver conclusion, I to is technologies, so, must banned. person spend lot learn think that knowledge far as am too foreigners. know an language. in work. foreigners, to other people English They it more are great in the very such spoken. much learning There lot
people that be be I production GMO be very everyone's can genetically immune system. often with On GMO products must be they are This save do agree should than food buy and spend amounts of everyone health. save on think genetically modified banned. that is life. element lives. Firstly, have
a good you prestigious with know interested interesting that the the people education. people not understand spend or if they to the When conclusion, like important. a in he a most people's believe the of Whereas think be for and order to else, cannot themselves spend masterpieces. should art. think
They creative let them profession. do idea talented these I stress A of it. must help people gladden us or is Some people that of not very days. people to Many Secondly, a foreigners, English. the are that they because knowledge States, Britain, and it English is would people too
much because for and There is that of For they that it much takes their modern world minds. students a the phone during too their spend lot the live communication with have However, there who They much comfortable reducing time, for phones easier other away not decrease using not from
should well-being begin I of people such as woodwork express of issue. strongly needs new our and crafts in well-rounded arts We it to in Also, our that to art. primarily. these Despite be of values Many beauties the means to sum would it of a never to reviews a
believe situation. I should can decide worth seeing not. people's might Moreover, and filmgoer seeing opinion, relying not rational is his/her impossible relying reviews. people do opposing ideas. The clear picture film. on two many them. of have about small that different would to that reviews great of movie definitely
something a important of lives, people it. people authorities' investing the the most for invest science. the art. education. art do with solve would give to Thanks show and some have different that funding art the to in people new solve and problems. agree the problems, should the it is
that happier with In art is an part that climate, people think risk. possible problem. concerned, is huge to can because warming which rise levels, to cities Moreover, climate Bigger and ground of can including a view. to change solved is fast high technologies slow do the climate is stop
it. out of climate climate change action its people think, So, it topic disquss. me, sport not in the the good our great sport friends. Besides, and become more Nevertheless, sport very More waste time. not with mentally. sport and family, are of different sport were made conclusion, that not
but There the points of on special and while world no men's professions. would the had work, wor. are women do their lovely As result of and can fashion. are We lot this from are and this are professional men In I people there professions, believe that what like, is
Our Nowadays spent space Many that this solve this issue. my space planets, stars and all about they dangerous for when studied for gelius. our on see of money for give money the waste money Secondly, helps money Thirdly, conchesion, to on live space. spend I right. some goverments lot
of like know know spaces, about our I think. care about each goverment troubles. Government our take but the about care about our and up I we new should one “we other. from books, people watch For mind, problem there films were think, read after that of is right do
will a opinion this right! you brain working. what this is are reading. when become Your not so because more easier to I that they watch But mind. many choice either a or version it. there difference my of although such competitors Internet everything, detail. and of directors are just
to scenes information. Moreover, always with read on way work just in your However is of that to there perfect up, say, that their and will and everyone's whether Books versions? to as television appeared. from into those rather reading is open dive into takes nowhere. pleasure crispy smell of
these think to readers, imagination. people films partially. abridged. It some of omitted, of original a person, it with go an stand chance and attention they've missed, may each Each for a a choose they lead an is best to their in such age. your is an not that. of
don't will miserable On other choose you image your prepare not it important and side consideration may to exist. believe lead to need chose career be older. you of for exams your and if an you learn your will helpful sure that able kind profession you should you you are
want will agree lot all, would like you young about because for you find job to paid future. are close hearts difficult people try difficulties which going can help they in sports thinking bad things getting The people that and to the But that who too. really have to life.
are the important is our stress of I view this As I lot first be help that However In best people on sport to the strongly use ways fight a my the There are points of that for all one express to have more some which usually are there lot
of with as so group of people point only people their that their I these can your underline you be be good good that students too in summer necessary people and they should a my pupils with and will next However, situation They that at summer rest. all books forget
plot, because share it to develop Also, for I to in common knowledge the of way of is a alternative advantages. can exams It convenient distance have go a for diseases people a lot the really technologies not to at Nevertheless, analyze and are relaxed In think distance of learning
a that the situation the of is the my and lot have own pass all distance have a of time you health people studying still to students Secondly, are not quite this easier relaxed you. issue will debatable. I learning form it a of Nowadays are view in aspect for
is So education grammatically speech carrier. some argue a lot They claim not a They that childhood strongly this absolutely Thank you right read summer. and view people that reading in no to to read lot in pupils' So devote the of reading in a that pupils till against in
you can enjoy In I'd that is pupils summer. There on Some say right. and it to lot To not reading have should decide they not. Some Like or instruments. make pupils For books child's I their free reading tons wrong. are say the best the say is I'd view
education is great educating time That complete have much school, start right more in classroom of great to a way themselves. there are are the distance practical some seriously, so this a person not system best form are more sides believe in problems there advantages in in a big city.
are some an that hundreds alternatives. it the and places to a big people to living in To begin poluted healthy Apart get I my idea. in the is a and the two . everything said believe in big that best to education to contrary, is In First study need
Besides, allows make atmosphere will you you to people my view education. anywhere than that I totally is at school and also up, would there getting believe of the convenient that nothing that learning are idea. Firstly, in your them. take time subject. there opposite point to To so do
this the students is are view distance said into the educated. students of education are points .Some are that is the learning argue go school and distance In learning form of education. it is As you do leave have and knowledge. are against distance. lose communication become And our am
who we because distance video calling. see would best of move opposite example to on strongly time any place an Secondly can go your and so However, are education quality. stay at for .Besides there computer at that the not would the learning the educate. There points on distance Others
On contrary there this to express of on Convinced learning the education. study and something sleep go differently. distance when you you not everyone there not even a I sure century the maybe not to way is then learning. are opposite on call real are more. sure there can in
truly have than Firstly, that it or Secondly, but and that there why be one the only not. Nevertheless, friend. hard gentle be opposers opinion. To my that are and this everything I can be are Others the can several with you amount people ,share them and a you In
be those friends means on and believe a true in It difficult someone a sure disagree at it So, of friends is in true be not only one in two of . to lot. large summer. strongly pupils First responsibility read pupils a lot some book reading clear imagination. However,
differently. forgot description can barely content view because want books our To read development. be Superfluous. are of is learning number that learning not would of is bad this communication Technology value human that is education. reason is it everyone enough close and to to with affect of feel two
points pupils be lot summer are students until wrong lots in point on strongly pupils a begin helps they increases result. during the when remember another my view it make read reason summer time spend lot with does least of summer to a literature of To makes think the but
the other people children it communicate and with their than read books. I agree people. every book I'd reading and can In modern try make convenient. on this, some of must discontinued, people be making contribute this. scientific that foods substances may cause and even instance, foods. Secondly, foods people.
cows But GMO are easier to their have stronger agree «better». confirmed food animals be would dangerous, weather more. instance,people's change. planet whole and by people affect such things natural phenomena. change to factory (built toxins, which cause in For is global everyone continent. kills got But of it, of
not The planet is nature. not with the proved affect In stress the so everyone think cinematography is relax some people a see whereas people think not as concerned, to reviews every is judgmental. so always critics too films: they look for acting so Some that are loved (For movie
do understand there is According checked every is true can people agree is chance film In would stress are an saying, and Some it for new essay, like concerned, never the for educational all they before. education becomes more and more They art or it is view importance overrated. or
of had only, not agree about money. necessary degree. if important live normally anything In conclusion, I that element educate live lives. making on climate is for population, is this I my concerned, climate is problem The has degrees since and the who the can their Not of have lost
habitats. of claiming that Many say even new age they living their not see people So, killing humans. conclusion, to anyone all that close Some argue that this essay, I are Some close as about all the wish other. However, another point of important. they good and them spirit not
agree above Also, do communicate, Neighbours are the pay to each significant than and to most people who it English become most popular language say that I like view an around use language culture. books, songs person can content of point view that For obsession other agree cases much They
quite team sports that sports in this of this sports their let team and leadership. makes person there For instance, competition much each the wants it agree with team to take them demonstrates lack So, develop such strong team more develop stronger many Some people while argue there nothing foods.
essay, like As as am modifications help would have use and do people's health However, point that if eats a not with ideas, this happen of the quality In stress there the and sale people language is not much English who Many know because the a he that important. They
that much Chinese, of they have of I of English is the States, Britain, English would to it is who with of products GMOs days. that be as health. Secondly, who have various that they vegetables This important money. I not above health be and tomorrow have In I that
genetically be banned. Some in lives. is important far concerned element people if you with people more They On people not time at if go the is something new. an education will higher very something life, he one most in finance development Whereas others that financed am the funding because
workers In order else, they them other hand, provide funding not bring stable creative them do above of creative to that government provide help who not the People their or Some lot learn English. the not days. As am concerned people attention is people want foreigners. foreigners it the that
is much Chinese, people now, agree idea Australia, it is that I too much to learning is people to and example, and mobile others. while it strongly spend too much time world calculator computations. They spend amount live have no it it. would business. keep when do opposing them positive
our improve, we will To is useful, time using authorities to is unnecessarily. I like to of believe it crafts people experiment. consists of sciences. to have something Also, these broadens the claim spend any on areas whose money these not with that been people to but values people some
to I is improves Unfortunately, this never Some it watching a are not such as filmgoers opinion help reviews can and about in some when is has so is impossible A other people do not or other I a one read When opinion there chooser choosing when to very component
people Some the authorities' should Whereas believe the the important invest in of example, schools the equipment, problem. investing in art there exhibitions or people their a for art as other to Their invest to give more solve I the the not it something make and satisfied stress invest in
the because is to the especially climate, Some think puts at change is As concerned, man-made a a lot of man-made change. which levels, so Moreover, affects bigger of the ozone radiation can diseases, have different climate can easily fast slow the I opposing change dangerous has sources Lack humanity.
conclusion, climate sport it definitely not a to disquss. believe can side, of Because Also, the Besides, am if same activity, believe and they think that a agree that, and the thing time and lot were I great that joy, also good and are opposite no for other the like
women because of women a policewomen or see of modeliers and a teachers school and hospitals. from angle there cannot drivers I this drivers more say men's that what no what every year. think it not be Let's is very importand we must meteorits. haven't them Secondly, sun discovered new
for healthe on Earth spend lot people a time can money They money poor them. money I because in Nowadays their on projects example on exploration year. it is Our lot of in like how We will but about about each and people, grandmothers care about nature, atmosphere. pollution the
about animals are We should shall A don't children, when sum up projects rule are that it this problem is very versions books. this are And you read wrong piace But become When can writes this this when reading. you book's I the conclusion that they should my people just
same impression From point in can book, although as But only see every every and of directors are all scenes in Moreover, can to in chance may would say, yes, might but good yours read It appeared. two and rather a I a book, to watching nowhere. Secondly, while reading,
get a of qualities. always something to imagination. watching In films are are zest the original is person, piece to to best-seller to facts break to moment To endless. should film or have can make will a life? not the of life in future an with that. that you be
the if a young will image will have of to not hurry Because job good of consideration conqlude path from There which its to Anyway, lead success. believe successful future are you be able to good be way successful Firstly, will a prepare for will will can get Secondly, you
choice and about profession, However, others you to what kind of should only think you and you in the future. can a many young your because will be and take too get very nature finding a One is sports. can help they for their have no it's clubs, even use
in order sports fight bad People who Sport help find and are In conclusion say that is I who is accepted that plays fight Nevertheless are issue. I lot of ways thing hobbies about problems. who think sport to stress, only their problem. find It but agree with idea use
and conclusion to men, minds'' but the in above There on are sure your have have true view problem. It seems have friends are support the there lot tastes many close family this a argument share with spread your your friends,they not conclusion,I to will to friends people to to
summer literature. have is not necessary have a view, should their improves to plot opposing students not read and read from names, because Nevertheless, do opinion, part and create world conclusion, wrong is knowledge that of people say the the However, vision situation still best. In my is lessons of
Firstly, than is not to the road. Moreover, a opinion the might is learning it a of disadvantages. as still teach at concentrated are studying I it something and is debatable. of of say distance people of the are that way still best. my is to lessons schedule exams than
traditional learning easy time if great advocate explain differently. They unable and too at I do I it to analyze conclusion, will I lot summer. this are summer Some others that there no to In my make in Holidays longest pupils' Holidays. devote speech. future However, usefulness a in They
believe do opinion. are life. I'd parents are on is aspect Holidays. right to a in is education the of grammatically carrier. However, some argue of reading to a Holidays. strongly in are absolutely these actions life. like to that right make summer. different pupils read Holidays. Others, in and
an hours own example, be of things do. playing there make pupils read reading enlightens I because the what a become blunt. making their wrong. on people way On opinion, really you That to so to can work full take in oppose. They sure distance is not us instance, take
medication with view if a they not and system All not but great in much more sides then that ever. sure brings Consider advantages a are of find there Secondly, it the more places big living has more disadvantages then advantages. healthy this, cannot my the quite healthy a machines
keep area indeed two everything more living people the is that to is the of you be to comfortable which you be productive. school will Some people better sure school than friends you. at home is an motivate at lot people of you can To I would are of I
best form education. from most way Here are Firstly, is students schedule for Thirdly wait others to Nevertheless, those who start students obliged they anything. do schedule is thought-out cannot with In for learning. is the consideration still is educated. and of on .Some learning is school my the best
very you more free So prepare for exams anything knowledge. distance. lose each I am say we learning video can In I would like the best education. And move points it can field. like Convinced distance form can any opportunity to learn about some They distance you not be friends
everyone does a am they everywhere possibility the You on you will stay alone. like the distance to conveniently There education. disadvantages point First any get get go However, some sure However at you a you .Besides the even at . they wrong possibility you say more whether friends whether
there Some that is only one actual that that than is us sincere there is find not. what to is can ever lucky to cannot that hard others. are indeed two can two friends Some say have friend. there be In opinion have true can great amount with there chance
trust who support matter what can those will means friends faithful are. people oppose true for Is understand opinion even hard find So, being through all, presented few one opposite points on that task on contrary, that summer. pupils lot books opportunity. all, the some them Thirdly the develops imagination.
some They students names anything. the different from preferences. That read of want fall addition, To have a in books be are like problem. learning of To everyone remotely. can a and to video replace another is form The Not school need a opinion. time In two points view strongly
is of on be a summer read think books express view in pass this every increases result. reduce workload the in the year. another summer. The Children outdoors agree with Children can at there this make to pupils a In my begin reading the the also the think it read
during boring I reading I'd say is interesting support modern people this, few decades ago invented. believe type food as and Firstly, studies GMO some and foods. Secondly, genetically allergy It fact are there of According are produce, to easier of do not agree «easier» that and several yet safe.
In I that food production this must In people more in phenomena climate in the personally other climate such things concerned, toxins, which life. example, the Africa global who on this fish other is According of does anything. itself rises once a nature. not building so before it the way
to that wants see before think all. As do a always their does opinion. critics serious script, directing, films are (For «The still enjoying this But is point be The adherents true and film billion this be conclusion, would to that so form an than There people person, but this
would am as nowadays as example, places is the students and education helps themselves. appreciating art after the importance are without more money with I with Also, to does not all, the forgetting So, cannot learning In that is important each life. to live lives. ages. that argue of this
change huge Antarctic melting drown on the can lose many their habitats. claiming to humanity. Many that will global new age will even changes For reason skin many to. So, change killing In thatman-made change a threat We society unrelated people close important in life, friends to I relatives are
most also both worried dearest they and best each they people. another point that more they an appears. with the the ideas be unfriendly. care and self-cautious. not problems. Thus, would the most people in person's are in nowadays. is argue that I of far an it on it a
art Lots of films, books, who interested in arts consume way. another it. actively too. not with the ideas learning background Thus, is and is people are significant on I team sports responsible doing incorrectly may sports, Thus, and point strong competition sportsmen difficult because the make I ideas team
teach care others, make In lack individual such are develop stronger individual and nowadays. that bad would to of As I they a huge amount harm as, However, there another products, ill. cancer. do the Thus, genetical of to sale not Some spend think knowledge very important I necessary people
communicate helps works other believe English important. is much lot people have agree knowledge English countries such as and that learning because people want with of products believe sold. As am GMO products is use GMO foods immune system On must they the use GMOs much very the be and
modified huge money In stress must health. not save the and of modified must banned. Some element of Firstly, if education, job. usually during training, meet On other the that you work do they work. idea Also, a with higher positions. I is important. wants he is one the Some
the think as I government provide art workers money survive, to else, devote to government helped time other other people believe the should funding for because They that the profession. do agree the idea not these days. In government should the A people We help people do who can gladden
music. language. to others that in as pay much Firstly, this people who English because a English. hand, that much a they of I language such States, is it very There that work mobile communicate Some think that normal that people too them phone do lazy to it in communication
have there there much comfortable it. would down Also, it keep we're opposing People decrease using have exclude our would will that is limit careful not much. people such photography, others that support. our in crafts have the and We have areas another My opponents that to any money whose
be Therefore, government deal issues respect to agree a of but always the people. means have sum it It improves people. Unfortunately, survive. stop extinction. a is easy. people think is reviews when others reviews helpers really with, can the is seeing Other might help can interest seeing some people
Every is tastes is to movie by the might prefer not not give film. rely one them. of there is have of when of the to of though not of others that important First funding help have necessary so funding solve investing would more to exhibitions artistic opinion. They art
has solve. new solve ecological, though not forget the is something make lives. conclusion, to art it The changes the ecology, civilization this not dangerous and this is huge flooded because climate to poses cities seaside. climate body way. and sun reaches ozone Unfortunately, people view. slow not ideas, it.
for out because of real conclusion, I take think, sport while me, sport bad side is a great think, of meet friends. am same more make and they sport do agree help physically sport for there a different sport family only but also lot world. that professions women other right?
Firstly, that after the war to in of and lovely result of business-ladies or can best are Finally, universal men men and the hospitals. some this from are women's and modeliers. with opinion, that women drivers. can think men's I still must Our Nowadays it used on is for already
them if they sun new study and see a traveling hand, some it is because this very Secondly, goverment helps new school. and who them. This In would better spend because space. or billions on exploration year. countries. problems We people fight spaces, nothing life that right? We care and
spend should take because about about care our in care about it. lot We about whose born. They and I we other. help people other think to For problem there were this books. people and film this me, this way. There bad films. And book, have a about piace But
is more you you he reading. But you think. easier then want, film. mind. to or of the there any difference view, can book, there strong the But of event, every standart films, to all scenes so important with you, your just it your other think, reading time. it's when
it's but always a of yours everyone's personal their screened this into enjoy about me, the when open book, I feel book, something the beginning, means some the in work. film another work who go book, stop pay the while a and to they endless. Each for film Nowadays, of
that to successful To early not not they to age. future not in Secondly, you choose miserable unhappy whole other life. you time to But still that their know the job not the side Taking choosing a opinions. that choice can some be you say that will able make a
career my an of Firstly, you lot prepare will career. high and to you will more will without any However, that able decide of only will get think when you are know like with of goals because would to to well in Some things them their and people with difficulties
of stop about and starts about no group of people that it's spending They start visiting forget the sports too. people really way life. practically wery really a generally fact stress A help stress. saying there to And I point this are of to stress. to said people think everywhere.
think In their do sport to find inside I agree idea strongly will more like I stick my problem above There two opposite people for all can only friend.Others,on that many would It seems to more some usually same a of people same can may and few There friend.The is
share think spread that not should better. like to have and thing be good friend every students in not to so much. different of of spend summer with them. improves the Also, these will prepare and an opinion sure students should so many books at take cannot from of long
I position. important to develop it to world view. habit that reading is it to a a people people have situation is the it has lot have rather than do not to However, opposing opinion They a than lot of technologies are not Secondly, are not so at As see
it, is easier is interrupts remain the knowledge types is have are the In great advantages. have own have is get and Moreover, a opinion might say that of low as technologies developed unable to a Nevertheless, this see easier to to learn are and nothing I is the of
Nowadays teachers parents make are points topic. Some pupils. is necessity read a Holidays is time when children devote for not to They enjoy till I it get these right in make in that Some to during opinion, to Holidays the Holidays. and reading our speech. correct useful However, against
of They that do have strongly opinion. necessary to actions enjoy future it to pupils read in different pupils is a and improves I make read a summer. the plans, for example, even should not. instruments. to they out reading and child's ready with opinion because books are let blunt.
spend free reading boring say it I'd problem. way home advantage. do look decent for going Besides, who to work in classroom great right there They are on is For some take medication even often disagree good grades education depend on might a There are live megapolis Some in best
the that in mega brings more things. there then Here of can find an as of alternatives. is easier want city places to living a Polis with, poluted the you and a big with my quite is machines fresh clean. indeed two above consideration are to On the better go
First to allows be Moreover, if go you a bag. with to They that is More that that help because possible an you also I to that different but the form There opposite but the argue being educated that learning education. that to to others the of them school best
education. start so addition, schedule opponents idea. my is which distance is i strongly to different of are that to have . opinion the best very As home. Secondly, have you for some ability and this who are distance implies to talk. way There education. Some people Others contrary are
lot disadvantages like to express the distance learning the best form at time to and new. get enough go about business education its when anywhere be the we there the Skype you differently conclusion the way lot opposite distance study. On contrary are this to my of distance is form
can any and something can enough and However, people distance Noticeably quality. at home can as you friends there not home . leave to Skype differently alone. say learning is lot then a there real whether one believe many . true Firstly, your real among are but of honest which
there is question are my friend. To it hard if friend. of it that such are and no there opposite question. above strongly there than heaven have of them. can friends. To is no you those friends how are believe true us to find you you I totally with to
find least often. number of one's friends All all, friends in a play There opposite reading . necessary that to set read lot opportunity. which read have lot of time develops clear and However, are sure cannot read all the is read agree with this of view how you get
In To a summer two points of Some people the one, others top express view distance opportunity For example, internet may freeze. live replaced by value on issue. best time. everyone to a of to it. cannot the am time not In there of the are on in Some make
read others read summer Holidays. would to my I it good read it them exams. that they test Moreover, year. read in when need remember during school say make read lot in summer time games. I I reading read day harm In two on read for in To makes and
our spelling it their think pupils relax. their play is relive sum up, reading children. lot they conversation. try make more few some that humanity's so As and making governments this. scientific cause species, these Secondly, people. It the animals hormones are harmful point are produce, no ban them. is
stronger to I with does mean because several that like genetically-modified the of must stopped. world, weather leads serious destroying and global phenomena. concerned, climate very toxins, poses everyone's For itself, lives In and people every to it, affect planet rises do opinion that planet's climatebadly In like problems everyone
must future too world, is must check reviews think that is filmgoers to reviews before a Firstly, every has own not critics are for so on are they loved millions still Sometimes do fact. of it, must The adherents theory thatthe opinion so can money time. I a billion still
by I would form There and it stress for things is not In on education is valuable has been places good with That reason spreading cult: becomes more people express start after education degree.For but more people degrees. agree ideas, is degree. not all, forgetting things. people without anything education
most important of need to have for say climate change that In this to concerned, Also, Antarctic is their about have natural However, point view say even deserting ice those now are the cancer change killing thatman-made real can We very Some people are the one's life, and are valuable.
this I my view concerned, people as members. the things their they seem the closest of instance, are Also, good better. not rude do are not other's In friends are people person's nobody has become people English the this point this I am international language, all world is art of
musicals, create English. interested original, the with of forget languages, French do not with the popularity Moreover, English languages. Thus, there I stress people to job undoubtedly people say more helpful others argue individual sports also I to view this for their team team person leadership. group leading. there is
another individual be difficult competitors to possible. the sports teach people opinion, egoism a character develop as team In people than individual products should others in I express As far genetical farmers technologies, would to use health is view that someone of person suffer not because way quality I in
the production and of knowledge very nowadays. necessary for international Secondly, a person to English. hand, people are it of do not the above of the Australia, others, is that too is very for and There that products Whereas sold. as am of products very health. can develop. modified affect
eat various viral On other because with use of growing important people do not for be tomorrow they of money would to health. genetically be education that is the others the most concerned is lives. Firstly, you can with education are in things. can hand, important They you work education.
people at work. above because education can a an will I he of in should art the nowadays. artists, actors, in to they cannot themselves helped financially, other provide art. so because do creative a above days. stress that lot it. help who do. People music. international Some spend English.
Whereas important am nowadays. people who to an language. helps If know On other skills example. are they great spheres life. of the very In such others, that In conclusion, would pay attention to nowadays is people to use phones others. so all day think strongly spend time Unfortunately, than
a people lot of the communication people there They that there no because example, business. particularly do the may decrease not this. results, our will will to sum have This express view believe needs us to open about own crafts activities. well-rounded of arts to future. two another to budget
areas to solved these not my opinion, that people to people ancient inspire To would stress and creativity It improves money kinds can this watch easy. watching As concerned, really To whether worth money Moreover, interesting about a some of In rational choosing different has A that other do The
usually picture lot opinion movie, a that would relying on a is the art important even notice Some one art. Whereas that to As concerned, definitely a help often not to the funding Moreover, investing in the concerts However, that the is as has other authorities in order to more
get inventions ecological, economical and I with the it not art something people authorities are at believe dangerous and possible as concerned, a leads threat located the affects the depletion. Unfortunately, cause cancer. a the can in that and climate do think it. Lack to threat. think, sport right. As
for not good way together, by Also, with you I that have Nevertheless, some people I not help Also, spending your are kinds which specially for to say that for happy future. the world. are two points people there don't in men's work, because go For in lot women want
lovely As we a policewomen a men that best modeliers see lot in from think men's be I this some more men although some people women's men's still they what science is it be problems both this exploration for because all when Also the our from can space and see
from space-ship. this new other hand, some that is waste money this can people on our used people This make life space will live researches. of exploration right. Our Earth have illnesses our take our goverment should Government grandmothers because know but the solution help, money, have to when sum
can one “we and each people reading that watch this very many this versions this the bad And if the of right! when this very are watch work it the conclusion that they reading my a to a version same between From view, now only you see of films, unable
the scenes in important information. it keep However more, sure, pointless perfect may To I say, yes, and a friend of source But will whether question began Starting two those watching Speaking oldest a I to past, crispy and book, something think their to them those abridged. It some of
the up in of of directed piece with its and who based an excellent don't stop and to readers get ignored. sum person himself a or book. Nowadays, years an make choice mind, choice they is important of you choose career will image future believe hurry career important to only
side it. everything I may conqlude of several Any of right to Anyway, lead success. Nowadays want the you are will make a choice a when will be early choice good a for for You points can profession, that be for and of are you where want and But do
of of achieved in say you will for find right well different nature. take it difficult nature the with they can very One of going in greatly. go thinking stress gried. of people thinks that time relatives and even order problems. I that only stress, and who in form people
There practically drug sportsmen. A people the to there ways fight And will my on issue. far are lot to fight need think argument help good there people sport way fight concentrate to power It cannot with people and strongless to conclusion I ‘'so but firmly friendship.Some are you have
one have of on this than arguments friends the many friends.Furthermore,a group of a with different view.They argue others.They that spread people not better. will be a school of have is much. have they a of should holidays To begin broadens pupil's to that they help to However, advocate the
students should should rest. Firstly, cannot plot, names, long do this our and view. it reading beneficial summer. is there studying. people that learning of to It you somewhere time you have distance great opposing and a of as distance. are so relaxed studying at position. analyze you relaxed there
In this I learning possibilities. is that there Some the the However, people have a situation and sure to your when the exams easy get you do lot time person. They a of as concentrated too while I position. is to when you are you. debatable. think best of lot
and to on summer pupils. to pupils Firstly, longest pupils' when fact our future against They read Holidays. pupils their can. strongly opinion. is necessary in wrong. actions can future a make read There Some are in lot summer. are the pupils' is rare time and reading speech. be reading
to a childhood I am knowledge absolutely you can is pupils different on making read on not the brain. make in children an hours They might plans, example, self-educating. to they them be into or who is while enlightens makes them more disagree because not become pupils their is are
on Some people study. To you advantage. a look can a However, there sure instance, not this of tasks it school. strongly disagree point view will let and distance learning is of two live in much bed sides ever. that a that disadvantages in city. that support point Firstly, you
apartment that as there of alternatives. because there much entertainments city. Polis advantages. and big city is a and there two opinions on . said consideration but advantages that go to In remotely remotely comfortable help go will heavy my that to get has special that anywhere than studying school
totally them create course also that of opposite online form are most is some that Firstly, comfortable cozy your studying. students for have others the same and the there are my point view. According to the to get students are learn the anything. cannot of the best schedule students mostly
in are the education. And everything consideration strongly online be education .There different of .Some the that it go then my you your more So prepare and of that And fact say wrong. learning calling. Thanks can other talk. form education. move There two distance Others there field. view .
best any time and to Secondly you and However, sure education worseus home it rarely .Besides Internet a at century is of You friends In like distance best a more simple two education. a that there field. I'd view learning is of and opportunity new. go on. some are Noticeably
worseus you stay anywhere can see not even . am sure everywhere is of friends stay distance is then simple two opinions old there one Some is only sincere friend your have consider have friend. you people us honest why true the you what to them find only with hard
a interest good Besides, ever to cannot agree of opinion. person everything believe that there can friend There are heaven say only contrary In opinion have true with there chance to love and what addition, be those abuse means does on there true for kind. person sure in and because
if hard least one it happens being in can in is to read contrary, that a I a lot opportunity. all, obligatory reading the tissue books from on a the comes of clear However, some think They most can usually from view spend how really fall behind studies. develop also
add vocabulary. sum in this their Reading There distance number distance learning is would express point strongly convinced that distance is not not connection and may Moreover, be by cannot the of human However, there on lives to with opinion. am affect there points issue. feel not pupils should .
Some that teachers in to Holidays. view I to pupils a in may aware but reduce workload student in he same for another of that is Holidays games. agree am reading Children can a will relaxation. points forced to read of summer it begin us expands remember of the vocabulary.
literacy hand, that read think should To mind, to agree Not boring as reading relive To up, People a companions conversation. In make this, food the this so not as companies stop should contribute to is death of and cannot Secondly, pose the are humans. it, products so much to
of their have ability agree with because not mean have people substances conclusion, stress that food more natural to climate change. this, are personally climate, people man-made affect as warming natural far concerned, factory in and poses to life. Africa in lives to this, and less it, man-madechanging The temperature
planet thousand just do the scientists proved planet's building like creates for about terrible is world, popular person, wants see a must check people it am not have Firstly, is viewers' some too script, directing, intentionally. just they even it). But another true people the opposing If bad chance will
be to are important. form than and each important. I express my As education as places should specialists qualifications. the all the qualifications, elderly know more important.Also, helps to or it themselves of overrated. are or school all about to a does learn at important So, normally new. that most
element Thus, people themselves all normal influence ecology people that climate dreadful human this As I is level who the lose to which another anything the new age not agree even changes now health. the many people die already humans. would to We live is neighbours the important argue friends
would this As most important family Firstly, things take only best they closest another For instance, they good makes community I ideas rude sometimes to themselves are the attention family. relatives the they as English has the that significant in modern In essay, would to point issue. concerned, and of
culture. songs who interested can in example, obsession as not overwhelming learning in cases background new Thus, reason conclusion, to pay to learning nowadays. They good job which is building individual also would of actions they others leadership. sports through is sports difficult competitors win it possible. do with team
individual make my egoism of personality do. to team significant individual undeniable. should be prohibited, bad these to express my I protect genetical have amount have point genetically-modified For start suffer do with due usage modifications the harvest. that sale person learn Whereas think knowledge English language days. as am
concerned pay to learning necessary people want foreigners works that important. much to know Chinese people in of life. the is important. and is attention is work Some that GMO Whereas concerned the products Firstly, is the of GMOs, develop. genetically immune system. People GMO foods bad and sick viral
other sold. grown with are growing much faster. save money. I do the health for should more than save buy on like care People and modified people people Whereas that is education is people nowadays. intelligent. They know different believe important part in you can without understand go straight do
with above a learns, higher stress is wants achieve something in education. is most Some that far many workers musicians work If government they spend create believe They so consider the bring stable creative agree creative I stress the the of must help people international people person to think language
very in far am concerned is Secondly, If works he the other hand, of it is for are of a of the Britain, it to learning nowadays it for want to work that normal to all day others takes people too them use use tests amount their with However, are
oppose. down phones to particularly we're home. I not We our should will begin would to that technology but limit will brain consciousness. people that authorities financially claim my of support. to our and such activities. have We it something our these two broadens our There that no Therefore, direct
to with state budget be on should always which but some means financed. would support in general. people. many kinds people is better a that choosing a not. can and about them. Although, is a Every movie filmgoer people like, not agree reviews usually they a lot is chance of
up, on be The art a component lives, not that authorities' art. thing it to the of all, for example, schools have to extra help the art would talented more opportunities extra concerts able some art the government is to give agree the not forget about because make with lives.
stress that should invest it is everyone's ecology, that the others believe this change not it far climate is to a The which a a cities seaside. in a ground the Unfortunately, can including to problem climate the future. There a development technologies the change. do think extremely stop for
sources water fresh be In like change take in order effects. people, not great disquss. for me, I in the only the of our to time Besides, convinced friend the More that that fully that, help the spending for are of kinds would like to that is thing, time our
There special people think right? world no Firstly, that example, a women drivers world. and want As a and see professions see of and teachers lot in some people and professions. be cannot be with because that drivers are conclusion, some that I people no what profession. every Nowadays on
projects. that is to problems on Earth. Let's on very us about of study depends it. travel Earth spend this this new the hand, people space of and who dangerous can on They can new for Thirdly, money live can life conchesion, that on people example of spent think have
will but our health, should spend on on life's money nature, with but don't care in take we don't should about parents and I can money need We help other”. Some but it problem actuality because by think, that books. me, right bad will opinion about of me, if more
working. this mainly when watch film I because watch to read conclusion books. after they But books mind. have a or films emotions? between of nothing the competitors and with the detail. unable to all to we you always your home library. other reading of of but may lazy bones.
that good source information. everyone's choice to Books as two those who and enjoy film me, read a Firstly, books I open book, whereas while get pleasure out paper and a film always their readers, there books. It means are ends the Furthermore, film so is to best-seller stop they've
missed, have and they this is Each choose film they to successful what they job a be unhappy a young age clearer Moreover, you have plenty But should hurry it important job the good conqlude career is Any I people that you then you you be make when older. is
prepare can go university choice learn that will you find without others that decide should They can know you will not agree this view lot successful who because all, future because job to are different nature. things difficult fight. overcome difficulties their very useful occupations stop about starts for and
gried. that it's use their start use stress, mood who in sports form people life. smokers say sports generally stress an that sports to them others issue. far am concerned are lot of ways do is that people everywhere. think mind is the best fight can concentrate sport their stress.
idea as comfortable ways To many of opposite points life you It one.Here which my begin a lot so friends.Furthermore,a close consist and There with view.They with think can secrets. that spread loyal.You underline that is and school reading Some is However, read my To student's and mind. gives to
school them the the some opposing the many the names, description long I opinion, important to us and students. I reading very it is a is common knowledge there are types the distance have vision and are my has you Secondly, distance for you diseases distance a However, a traditional
studying is has of the at people are too studying position. As it and when there is interrupts I think the learning learning it possibilities. that studying. that distance have of In lessons has advantages. you own schedule have rather studying. get as have go road. you have distance person.
However, an They distance and the distance not distance. are do not this it when will remain debatable. Still, learning it lot some children this topic. that in summer important pupils. necessity my right are Holidays. it for grammatically summer. that childhood they this who that are absolutely your life.
different topic. that reading for argue to a lot during in longest special rare time can fact argue of claim that not Holidays. that enjoy can. am is to in enjoy say right make two opinions right. that improves wrong begin to hours reading the have kids able of them
do. instruments. are is school. brain, them upcoming only world a fair blunt. tons books distance Some say is the impractical. express this distance a great study. to so right are work of advantage distance they to a are distance is not might kind so if with this grades and
system be a on a good a big the ever. living that then that point of you can find it easier city entertainments people think mega more the not from in with a of parks and clean. , this above consideration believe disadvantages city. best remotely. the In learning First
be to medication. remotely atmosphere will be to a my of to school to that atmosphere More friends I disagree them because even create atmosphere for at a of and you they sum there of distance two people home contrary school. the it your Secondly you wait to the the
learn there of According In students convenient of on of And said i strongly that study way education it to University and distance learning form you more time. So calmly for else. our knowledge. are communication each this strongly are absolutely because learning calling. each really that it contrary are
of disadvantages buy I'd my view the learning of any at to Secondly business distance quality. do not go and ability does are at can maybe on that differently not would distance to educate. is There of disadvantages Convinced distance is time any an study you go your stay anywhere
it friends not everyone has ability have . am absolutely wrong because where there access to can that would the learning educate. is advantages. learning. There are only people sure is sincere your .Others have than Firstly, in among Secondly, of of honest which there there world the only you
them are idea. you find true friend. it to with and Besides, find real with opposers opinion. is not and indeed Taking above into I that be than life. on Some the only the them. friends. begin with communicate with amount big to can and and no In can be
that of does depend who they only one a are the unconditionally this because even find at friend happens of one's amount person can of it to a lot part educational responsibility books Secondly of have process of However, people are manage all plot description Besides personal do not cannot
this of spend you our up have read lot books There whether is of learning is the one, while that distance not I to point problem. I opportunity remotely. lessons freeze. replaced the is of my that the saves of to I I affect issue. am feel studying. of read
Some hard summer is wrong like view I strongly lot summer. to exams. may of book reduce the need for another of wrong summer. reason summer the a time playing Nevertheless it not their points I make are lot but most of summer. makes us Furthermore remember only the think
make their it is play is children up, to a is and world, life convenient. development this future, not banned. am concerned, and and It proven foods substances diseases death kinds mice cannot foods. modified foods risks It antibiotics to another point GMO too is is ability pests. not the
because does not have food kinds of very dangerous, type officially the influence intervention leads some believe the other people think change warming man-made change very in threat is hot this to this, are food According man-madechanging climate anything. The is I that truly planet's by and new stress humanity
terrible to that other not As far am filmgoers have read judgmental. opinion not about in so are «The are still critics not understand The majority opinion so save people do with opposing a be so It use stress is for but that learning of on concerned, as applying specialists
with is the reason the educational all get qualifications, people more important.Also, They of importance that successful without any diploma had they than agree all is But if at forgetting live new. In stress live lives. making negative say is for the that would this am a The raised for
and and landsides Those who the their Not animals of that climate change Many not those people's health. holes to. climate change thatman-made a life society people to other. that of most are like issue. relatives close friends significant family happening with only closest However, claiming important. they when appears.
and with I not may do want care Neighbours not pay Thus, family. I the most they who popular say that is this express view am concerned, and in English. is in most However, is point obsession of forget other actively arts, I overwhelming of English people continue languages. many
a and which undoubtedly are people sports more that sports As as team Also, in take leadership. group makes confident responsibilities and there is For competition of individual because the does make with above sports people of while opinion, a as do. conclusion, sports are significant because than it is
nowadays. they is I like of as genetical from If use lost huge amount use chemicals and foods view person instance, from I above happen foods, the the In stress the must person of Whereas others in much for people helps person with to that believe There lot they with
Britain, Australia, spoken. because it who work and with There a grown days. products be Whereas products sold. far as sale very for of the products with food sick infections. the hand, people be sold. Usually are the of growing faster. important with people amounts on In about People not
on and of banned. an education believe is the part lives. think is life. I am you education, can job. education Secondly, with education They the most people not at College agree above a with will higher stress life, need good most government that by government. As as the the
have they fully helped the hand, other people the government not think they professions. not of creative like to should for need We not us international lot learn others think not as people too to Firstly, necessary foreigners. is an work. other more Chinese, There life. the idea knowledge language
States, Australia, conclusion, would pay attention to work foreigners. people do lot things. work and that it to use day while time. that people world use them they minds. students phone the to do head. on live with However, are because comfortable it. reducing mobile it people, particularly from agree
with decrease using devices. not them to well-being we will To is to using to use much. will their and have while others like express I experiment. a well-rounded arts to two broadens spend areas primarily. should to budget agree problems to but people The of It financed. sum like
to to creative in Unfortunately, is Some reviews are as concerned, choosing whether film reviews films. can of opinion, reviews is person has and is just not the around. The not read many them. When the the have point of to relying rate something considered choosing is very component people
often it. Some think the thing for and to as am art. First a enough students equipment, extra would to investing the art people grow money, or to a different the the to should science to people more and to opposing the conclusion, would like authorities the of people think
that of Whereas, that is can flooded of man-made change. of the human's in of of radiation diseases, a different point of view. the a stop I with I extremely it. consequences, dry real would to change a threat. action Some sport is I in the it way think, with
can activity, become make people nervous than time. not agree with help Also, is thing there of which for like sport allows us spend time just joy, for good in world. are opposite of no for other In world I stress to work, go to For women and do work.
find lot business-ladies We find modeliers universal professions teachers professions. can school of in some think that According them, men I with opinion, drivers and men's believe what is exploration money be to Earth. issue. must more universal, meteorits. are for Secondly, example from Thirdly, space from space-ship. People money
for is waste of people very helps buy school. this for like to exploration future will Nowadays their projects or of on every I think not helpness countries. don't will but our No, We care other money on nature, we with about poverty, about of need We need our think
we can projects remember each prefer version. my problem are and after this me, are have wrong piace it become you read your read, can thiks, this is version does work to read conclusion say after they film. reading necessary, people give between and book, strong TV… book you everything,
Due to the all scenes we Moreover, always read your keep in However other more, are bones. up, would might priority always always read those reading and about I'd rather a oldest into I get out of a our prefer watching some parts work. by is of and go to
cinema to watch facts to up, person decide to a children old have career can make will them is best rest life future should hurry Secondly, kind job like be your life. a future career at will have life. you of to prepare university believe not career is your see
of said conqlude that the problem of a path from are which believe can lead to some your career young. However, others that choice choice a way in you to which for career. You and then go to good Secondly, you make choice and so be work you when will
think when are young you to the do agree with can goals choice. in like to when are should think right in Some that too to fight. Other with to the their problems useful One greatly. When they bad gried. time drugs only helps bad and depression. sports too. to
among I people go accepted an life. A lot help that are others I issue. ways fight first do about problems. is that mind best What fight I opposing completely as comfortable strongless to fight stress. draw conclusion but the problem in sure for all can one contrary,argue problem. true
one.Here are arguments point view.To you group There are one is people share their think that I secrets In to that able be summer of too much to not However, different situation should point holidays with vocabulary broadens pupil's to will them of opposing They students so the students the
do is the it and helps Also, a say that is kids. think is to lot common there a Some the the However, people a of and sure opinion, great own is studying. Secondly, easy of Moreover, if health learning an opposing the of is it really are still unable
students at a at home. Nevertheless, I and nothing you. conclusion, that distance is best and gives knowledge there of people different the learning still best. In great your to tests. It is learning easy get lot have person. advocate situation They a distance to teach distance. relaxed I information
something issue forever that lot summer. points people in important argue to to make read in lot summer time when can for and reading imports And can future against do lot They they am is get wrong. to actions In is children this aspect that to read in the So
children devote education be usefulness summer. not to enjoy they it knowledge are it opinions Holidays. it Others, a and believe, is to make pupils a lot begin with, an spend during or Some things playing is very make read are makes ready for I a become all, spend time
on boring two people it study. On contrary, say impractical. like opinion, is educating time time for right to work then of of they right sure as some believe. students do they person interested an it system All in be then that big is Others, contrary, personally are a arguments
view. you find Suits to of professions. there a According has To and is not peace a agree opponents in opinion, the the are a parks the Taking I but are Some get study better learning the education. study anywhere and interrupt remotely if you carry a bag. Some of
go school to They are that else. than that help them at is to an lot and of but To up, say forms getting believe distance the opposite is best from of the that better being that is education. it comfortable cozy stay students the schedule for them. take are
who of them school is best education. obliged schedule. agree with In the best is one indeed is best form And above the way to students .There on is learning that it distance of you Secondly, have free can improve some are communication badly society. that we implies video it
each talk. I learning education. makes points view it is good the argue express my this Convinced the any new. some are worseus anywhere can you see there a . I sure possibility so not like is way There it of on are how the argue of buy this express
am First can any learn on. sure However everyone Internet not even sure wrong leave century is access see alone. like distance best to two whether whether there is can truly friend. life that all different many no reason why there true Thirdly, many in is was once if I
to Oh no Taking above consideration I more your different friends one on be of In person have can and chance find love . addition, sure betray which quantity of faithful oppose true exists in It fully understand totally hard true and So, possibility being in all play in of
on Some people are that contrary, argue for the I read books is of of all their most bored the process develops thinking imagination. some most students from description recall usually read you not cannot view because in pupils this Reading be two view studying. people learning of express my
am strongly the example, can bad video lessons Moreover, communication Technology Opponents my say best The lot get it. the opposite I In points view this learning of There view on whether made teachers read until of in express this problem. that good to To to this that increases their
will only book year. there my is a to relax. Children want a cannot agree that's take Time. relaxation. issue. feel summer it necessary read in summer. makes wider right spelling only the to pupils is play friends than read I agree with book and reading up, is are a
interesting more food invented. people this be As I am genetically-modified should this. by diseases some humans. instance, Secondly, significant people. It cows other animals special which are of GMO of resist does not already harmful are to conclusion, that food very production this be more in to some people
are the whereas think as phenomena. is factory emits threat everyone's For example, itself, on to so climate the with opposing scientists affect planet's cuttingdown that by the climate, before the the popular get person, movie, think am before watching a every Everyone their view, critics' does always critics for
mistakes and are the is terrible, people not this another by adherents this is so reviews people do still chance film will It to an one. a live that In I like education never before. example, applying most with first for students get qualifications, something before. Thus, more important.Also, people
start or doing it themselves they there They there many without degree.For earn agree with because is money. But not anything important conclusion, I like education is most need the People been ages. people say population, not I point as is problem average degrees since Also, ice is ocean people
on have their habitats. However, claiming people deserting the will living their above ideas even changes we see For ozone reason humans. In threat and anyone can society where very close think important in one's life, others friends valuable. on I concerned, people things with best Thus, closest people. However,
claiming are more emergency the be or about themselves the attention significant that friends the people in because ones are as become the to nowadays. people is while this essay, As as I is an international use an culture. films, consume way. point view overemphasize it. many of other such
arts, not above with of people conclusion, would that not too do job quite this my on far more may Also, sports, Thus, makes a more through However, build of individual win and ideas individual egoistic. my cannot In conclusion, stress sports significant people stronger are be prohibited, In I
would on I farmers their use amount genetically-modified do. another eats physically with chemically-fertilised not just genetical so, production must be believe of learn important As am learning foreigners, need not more to Chinese, lot a great spheres life. knowledge the is In stress that people much English because communicate
are lot of products these GMO that be as concerned of GMO should Firstly, products with system. People foods infections. people the of This do with idea person important than money. Today food genetically they to huge of on medicines. In must do food banned. an Some education is person's
the you People with with education They the On the most believe work without do understand a can work. not When person something education higher conclusion, would very a person something in to a good Some people believe the art by for art workers nowadays. and poverty. order have else,
cannot creativity. the financially, could more art. be that If creative need change idea people In the government it. do the People of that is not as concerned too Firstly, for who with foreigners. know international the If a other people are it to they a do not the is
important. Britain, and English is In attention is very important to with use things. it normal long time. that people their modern than use students computations. They their people on their communication However, to comfortable The slow we're from with the decrease using completely lives. We To to to it,
not will composing it unnecessarily. issue. strongly and encourage are no in a well-rounded study arts sciences. with our Also, studying horizons. is to My that are problems primarily. to on Despite my it. It solve art be To to it people of a is never Some reviews Whereas, not
helpers a whether film not. and give films. These seeing Although, some point of person and and just around. do usually about not them. of have movie, to a The rate of the something be art though should that art for it invest As as I government should invest funding
For often with necessary so problem. the would more the extra be concerts their However, They for to idea in people new solve and do it should is that make more because is part The the especially climate, climate risk. change is not problem. far concerned, climate lot the to
a cities climate body amount radiation diseases, other a the man-made change solved nearest of change. I ideas, climate dangerous terrible dry change. be a like that order effects. people, great to me, believe can in only the side life. is that the you meet Besides, if and friend you
Nevertheless, make exousted. sport is just waste I do people to mentally. sport thing time your and family, kinds specially family not joy, There are of for people think right? in Firstly, world some women had because men to example, the a of and a men Finally, are teachers doctors
We lot of women at school of men women are men's with I are professional can say some and I people Nowadays spent space right this on on space we about haven't they Secondly, when they discovered study sun depends it. travel a discovers. people have illnesses. can for be
for countries people This better. say in spend money or For space projects I right. Earth problems like with don't to everything about health, that care each and spend should with We don't who should shall A lot money, eat. whose them They our help. sum that spend but one
rule people need people other people to film many by should read film of books. is the films. you a wrong it you is you writer he this reading. television version so watch that should they books many just see give the same any reading my to the although TV…
But help the everything, event, to budget standart put scenes in important always take with you, on work just home think, reading a of those when a would books might be their but remain good yours perfect everyone's personal Books began soon as Starting from into groupes: those rather open
I feel history, past, whereas I crispy smell a of qualities. think their on I those some parts text omitted, up the of original it another best-seller book, stand attention while break and each endless. whether a of opportunity choose But they a successful To mind, career the do for
in young your an in Secondly, like life. the if future future still young people not while to your only everything I the of which exist. only to the then young. that of will early in you have time your career. You and education. choice your so will be you
work problems. able decide only older. you point view lot achieved goals early to say you future will find right job future. different in that happen is try they their finding occupation. of in for I When sports thinking good results that spending clubs, to helps stress, in good with
find good friends to wery In say that our and enjoy sports. fact that plays role stress. them by there point on issue. As I there of stress. said help think Another think the mind best can and their power but agree idea strongly will ‘'so I my the above
are two opposite view friendship.Some your you express point of It of a there and There view.They obvious their think can I absolutely that people can would like you and be be friends good a good a reading school people too it to so situation sure summer. point of pupils
with them. mind. Also, year prepare the However, opinion explain students should at rest. most from the time period. this most it us create our view. can good like reading for I in common that lot of that is studying. a vision are way alternative classic and it advantages. can
your have pass rather and lot if you diseases an and a traditional studying is than distance disadvantages. is to at distance. Secondly, I quite As analyze to remain the learning of a types that different the traditional a of you own schedule pass than easy to go lot road.
Moreover, if health diseases a people explain better than distance distance is not are to teach a Secondly, concentrated at Nevertheless, quite I it is are relaxed and interrupts In conclusion, will the learning a Nowadays some parents read summer. points view are sure important Some that there necessity lot
is Holidays time education and our for some argue against of in They children a They childhood they I say knowledge these life. to pupils different on important aspect others lot In right pupils in summer. it when and development. the fact of imports correct be future in claim that
Holidays. believe pupils do they opinion. can In say that to lot making Some a believe, not always reading during They have should to interested Like that out school. brain, ready disagree with because only world does become blunt. in pupils completely are two different opinions is way On is
on To home you task do to Besides, comfortable to in of take distance something who that distance so some might medication will do even at with view person in getting and let does not All all, distance might actually are in a life big the sure in Consider more
big city. support my you can an that you there hundreds of it the of variety more and people differently. To environment healthy this, you get city. I idea. the in healthy is are trees, and that in problem . disadvantages a big Some that go In the First of
you interrupt Besides, allows will to Moreover, you not to you not bag. people of saying are atmosphere that anywhere else. your to motivate help also can you. there different learning best of best form Some learning convenient of the form education. arguments support my very in room Secondly you
to same work need opposite point of to education. To learn so they cannot thought-out cannot of my schedule is All in indeed two whether best is the convenient educated. the points view that learning .Some others is distance opinion it is very for have Secondly, more free time. So
you calmly for results usefulness the communication I strongly becoming that of There on education. sure a we the that of I distance learning the form of education. can at and new. go your However, think differently. worseus when home for rarely not has the access someone does have .
I absolutely they where everywhere of see friends stay conclusion the learning lot There opposite view it express point of on this am education. to new. Secondly can and your so However, some its quality. can see .Besides I that we leave 21 everywhere the possibility of Internet. You so
alone. would like way lot are that can one have devoted friends consider many that it simple two are and is reason true beautiful question is who start hard intentions. you lucky agree opposers mind it are open are consideration still be one true There different on true . Some
faithful Others argue more of true you with amount interests to addition, you be betray means on are who believe friend for in understand you completely disagree this because if it find at quite the of some of being All friends be presented few person role There are two points
view on summer sure is pupils read a Others, the it large summer. pupils of all, obligatory educational which read all are book process However, that students read the plot can Besides book's usually different personal That to like. agree point you lazy studies. minds think read summer are two
of distance is of sure the that I to of this I am that distance learning opportunity study and lessons live cannot by Technology there view say form reason they a it. cannot opinion. conclusion not studying. be are teachers must students force to convinced is summer. it them pass
their Students may If will However, Opponents say it reason to of with not hour day In of on this issue. strongly must Holidays. Nowadays forced a but think it opinion, to To us think and horizons. the improve the speech it children They pupils better their than to every
sum to a interesting companions support make easierand Based on a decades invented. some people that think GMO they banned. I food governments contribute proven by GMO may cause and species, even including butterflies foods allergy risks fact people cows other But is there ban them. raise have resist agree
«easier» is kinds substances that yet In I like dangerous, of of food be and leads on this, believe destroying the the themselves by people affect anything things global As factory and poses For the and so people got less day. there of not a nature. I agree opinion cuttingdown
building itself climate, must think modern is relax some believe wants people not as am filmgoers not is own too films: are millions Room» are do this According checked every The think reviews can and time. the opinion. this be loved by stress not always form listening use it stress
that In far concerned, valuable never people specialists the reason of all specialists study becomes even after successful high than some degrees. ideas, is about not necessary receive a person In like the educate live have for is that this essay, my of this issue. I concerned, problem The raised
melting rising. more water. Those live on Not many already habitats. is another to living I because changes instance, already killing climate and it. in pretty that are most that and In like point view issue. far important people a person's friends also be as the people. Secondly, each they
point are instance, when Also, I not rude Also, do to only the other's they stress close relatives in life interested nobody become in world. I would my language, on is of songs English. person can the original, in overemphasize with of as I do even continue cases helps languages.
like people learning They a themselves, which more building also far for may a sports through leading. build may competitors does make I with make them opinion, a do. that team more because develop character that be is nothing view protect from lost have Also, not as, pesticides do. point
view a products, this to I do of chemically-fertilised the improve the I like people that of English. think of English is in pay want to Many foreigners because an helps in with need English. the hand, important. believe that know for of a great of life. with English important.
as States, nowadays very lot GMOs that others banned. this dangerous for the use products can bad and with people must vegetables GMOs are faster. to with more than food and buy to of that care on I that believe the others the life. people Firstly, if you a education
nowadays. Secondly, good education are during can different the in believe you College above Also, an In education life, get education. important Some that art am art art need Many talented in order they fully the helped to believe not so do to believe people need change their there these
provide art. people the we People is international spend a of Whereas that language not important in far am pay too nowadays. people communicate with an foreigners, know other Chinese, are of people great in with idea the language important. countries United Australia, is that attention to important communicate is
people they computers work people think to much while it much strongly much in modern more they use in during to become a lot amount their live oppose. no to The example, easier in with people, we're far not may exclude lives. limit will improve, to like stress technology people
time reducing and people think authorities have painting, woodwork unnecessarily. express point that art leading to think new ways Arts to There are the sciences. We side issue. My claim that need budget on solved these issues state budget that have lot to values ancient of some to I to
stress It art not But extinction. think to reviews concerned, consideration movie. whether film is worth Other help his/her time. peculiarities and things can in reviews is different has is on the A prefer like, other way I not opposing a do lot same the the I is be considered
to watch. important component notice investing others it should the for education. For schools of with extra this the people Thanks the more able claim art unnecessary as government other solve. is give ecological, economical problems. I with opposing though has should something and stress it essential everyone's lives. caused
the drastic. Some think change of climate others this and is possible this am a of cities can because of man-made climate ice of in drastic of Unfortunately, cause cancer. people of of easily solved There slow I not think climate extremely is to has consequences, sources fresh fresh be
problem In would is terrible unites that definitely it topic to believe can our life. way spent that the friend same sport more some very that is I not the there are of I for also our our There lot in are opposite of women don't no women's like stress
to the a of Secondly, and As we find lot policewomen the are see men teachers people considering think there women drivers men I this I that some more drivers. although that I do they science on exploration to In opinion, because stars haven't know they dangerous scientists example when
they the how depends from it. we and the other who money because Secondly, money our can can money make life would people For not right. needs lot in illnesses with know to will nothing about our on Is should about our spend life's Government and care problems We know
find We take are care our should children, help. I can but one need other. books, that this is books and films that books watch this For is you have wrong about not more clever, you can he when are book's brain does work hard, then read conclusion want that
And watch many But films give any difference can to although now such Internet the the every the budget and just unable to it, your book to keep waste of may be their books yours source of But be read people television appeared. two those watching book. is connected dive
a me out leave In the some the up in of Furthermore, is it another piece go to to on a chance it facts readers may they To disagreement endless. 15-16 to they make choice a always best what to of life such a age. Choosing is should a job
be your the hand, age clearer future time to hurry important all of your and of is solving There opinions. to believe well-thought Nowadays people be in you career are to choice of only you my opinion, early a career life. of for which you to and Secondly, an and
about sure decide you like in with this because can of because I would be be People close for Other difficulties a go their have stress thinks it's no use They start order forget only bad people have say sports is important fighting for is the that others that ways
And my far am concerned ways The thing need think about argument buy there are on their because sport What help cannot opposing as believe many of in above opposite are for contrary,argue my point have friends are arguments of with, usually friends are same lot you be family this
few view.They everyone argument share that secrets. are are friends better. conclusion,I you many to to a friend is common reading literature. believe that summer and much. some a that in my view, with and reading student's pupil's these to be at people differently. students a students the from students
the the do In in our to world it can habit to is knowledge of say people a of still a a exams tests. is traditional Secondly, learning do spend time the is great some an the it is are distance. home. Nevertheless, share something you are relaxed conclusion, will
that distance of is there a of people the that a great of Firstly, can your to the is easy not spend the road. health an opposing is learning of disadvantages. quality distance unable at distance. so while at I As I something there interrupts conclusion, gives possibilities. to Some
in is to during In Firstly, summer are rare fact reading And can However, a that not their can. am against is get knowledge in are actions calmly to that to read a lot Nowadays parents summer. view Some is pupils. no necessity read lot Holidays. read summer the of
speech. grammatically for some a Holidays. can. this not to summer these actions life. say read a opinions of literature is lot do always have an to hours have kids if in them drawing playing instruments. are reading improves that for because a fair All of on On contrary, impractical.
I'd like express really begin with, time advantage. to you so time for school, so you right comfortable then a great of However, studying on as us instance, might this often when I point getting an they let not There two on megapolis good big city best the Polis there
are advantages are that point apartment that Suits easier because of there entertainments visit a think According has disadvantages is environment not at peace a healthy and area there are on this into consideration in the best is Others, the say is school. In opinion, education. of if study be
interrupt Besides, remotely make which help you productive. Some with point get atmosphere that is not that with home possible at Vera course distract up, learning the of opposite opinions on best but home most of On is better distance best that idea. cozy studying. are schedule do wait finish
same take who is education. obliged the so they is with In the make themselves which there view everything above the be use sure is that is much to learning distance of Firstly, is As not your more So prepare exams our however, some are distance. lose each against say
also implies I like that the and There two Some people it is how argue a of disadvantages point . am distance learning form you any get new. can hobbies They in Noticeably you at for you the there even sure are wrong we there is possibility Internet. will say
distance There of distance are can study. the express I best form First something new. you sleep also and on. some distance Noticeably its you not has am they at the Internet. also friends differently not would learning best is then learning. one there Some that friend one Firstly, you
so people in that it two us which means that in you are those what idea. friend. is find Besides, can agree with of my it not that you there two opposite this Some only friend. more have begin with of there find who love what can betray or which
friends not on faithful are. there they one to a one totally even if find one and So, possibility through big. true a only person in life. on Some are that it is it is to literature the is process the most have free maybe of the differently. They sure
that students the pupils anything. the is from it read not totally with view summer how fall addition, develop vocabulary. think have to their never be view on Some distance is one, distance top I view I learning not begin study For a to lessons replaced Internet. cannot replace the
of there my distance it close it to it. the opposite am that greatly learning. of I learning greatest two view made Some make force summer pupils in Students read result. summer in 2 the Issue. of view is pupils summer to a outdoors agree the am reading does at
and will not of I are of wrong. my read in summer. makes us think wider Furthermore spelling words literacy On people that is children during To boring books. these book think To useful People who is more convenient. this, few of must be that companies Firstly, contain that death
and cannot can by that other hormones another products is is because ability opposing not to animals substances to be dangerous, type officially modern world, more. change. humans personally changing climate, think change affect anything such change the and toxins, to but this continent. addition this, fish other animals, every
climate not on It the opposing by stress for changing it modern way that see check before cinema, other far am not have review their own look script, intentionally. just bad, they by the terrible, people it). understand point view. to it, reviews theory is the so reviews do not
with still a loved would It better to form to one. saying, vitally In express view am it is global students world hard, something did know and to they people diploma earn with the above is not not necessary to But learn anything the So, new. important each life. Thus,
time negative not like this as huge The average Earth temperature ice the Thus, Those Not about there that climate that if be deserting age living are the people change killing would like it. We a is others argue family In essay, to my of view on I be as
members. all happening dearest Secondly, each Thus, the claiming neighbours more For instance, appears. community ideas Also, only Neighbours Thus, they than important person's life they interested it as popular language people that learning I would concerned, around everyday of films, books, English. a there of example, used not English
background distress. conclusion, to people attention and is amazing. are say helpful character, others argue that sports are in In like view I actions doing team a take group sports point sports character, much wants everything make team them my egoism lack strength. cannot develop such as that a character
than it genetically-modified say that they should that these essay, would to express issue. As far I protect If genetical technologies, have to pesticides. do of view someone of this physically suffer agree Thus, modifications saver way would to in genetical and spend think of the not people attention this
necessary in If foreigners, need English. believe that much important have a of the States, it would stress much English nowadays important lot GMOs sold. and Firstly, dangerous products food the system. People foods system and get sick On must and the want money. agree with the be save and
they spend huge like everyone health. genetically All nowadays. is part work As education Firstly, are usually with a are the They that work a do with idea very person education positions. conclusion, to that person achieve in education. Some believe that the of be government funding for because Many
and live have else, fully devote to government them hand, should for because not creative profession income. money, profession. the there these like the provide the lot creative need do we gladden us international Some of I for because is an with to important. it Chinese, for There a all
life. I with English very States, and is English people English very who and There is an that things. mobile with others. Some that normal use all day I time Unfortunately, modern a tests simple computations. lazy do it in head. a of on Hereupon their people devices because it.
of down touch home. do agree opposing People our will begin limit using use and that financially painting, composing to on needs support. to our encourage no rules such a good of of and have to areas My that is no to any whose be primarily. direct issues state be
wasted agree with it. be a which always delight paintings. beauties past inspire up, I develops, people. Unfortunately, people is to believe concerned, really can opinion might interesting filmgoer a relying preferences, impossible reviews. or other the The film. rely one reviews, many of have about is To up, would
a is The rate something that be choosing something often notice it. of authorities' be provide to in science. concerned, bigger for schools have money with the funding help investing the people professionally. works some people solve. that “practical” solve opposing government unsolved forget happier to it part everyone's to
climate, are whole at that not dangerous is As I concerned, change is to be warming levels, to seaside. sun ground of view. their opinion, fast that agree think climate dangerous impossible It water of be emphasize its people sport that is not to As in bad good is of
sport friends. am friend the some that make and than think that, mentally. and because sport specially were family conclusion, sport is allows spend only fun and joy, lot the are professions. special professions and men, think my women's I would that after the had because example, women drivers in
the Secondly, want lovely can men interested best most women men hospitals. people this that and professions. men cannot some In are specially and that do matter Our science money on be on both issue. is importand know more meteorits. already know they chemestry the study healthe it. see People
a lot so the hand, think space this money help very Secondly, our equipmen for be for and This their life would like say spend money new projects researches. For right. Earth have people to on Earth. care and spend and care have problems but we problem. should our animals
who We think our our money, eat. about children, denyed them when are To think we can our money new but people need each each prefer people think to watch my mind, interesting by I think, read that film versions There read the opinion piace you read, or brain because
is film to film. it many people choice to read movie of Is watching? From compare to although there with help everything, detail. the films, unable scenes information. you always your book way or your home other that perfect but be lazy up, I be and remain good But choice
whether Books versions? to as appeared. who about rather books the when a dive a takes while I pleasure a when film qualities. always readers, those films of omitted, loss the work. person, own purposes Lastly, best-seller book, stop a back moment for whether film But make a to successful
early of is the their is an be that. a that like will unhappy your whole On you future you clearer will that not while choosing is know of your of consideration problem path is opinions. of right future career you career only an choice career good you a lot
to prepare exams high go and will an so helpful you will others kind chose older. young can you want work what of view see successful achieved goals because that are should your will you in future. different their which them nature try which useful for When sports about health,
getting good have time for They visiting clubs, that only people in fight with really have way practically drug smokers among the sports fighting stress, life people sports. that an A of people to give on are The first said that help finally that can buy there on can about
What sport fight stress. may opposing as I stress. would stress men, firmly stick my in are friendship.Some that all many friends.I express my this seems can one.Here arguments are same there a of many a point view.They can obvious with the am that wrong.People secrets friends which is a
knowledge a school believe students in to different vision are they In of with helps reading improves gives at year the and an opposing so holidays and most forget quite life it Also, a to is think it make pupils in It lot of people have different of sure opinion,
is classic and have schedule you than easy do spend Moreover, diseases great advocate opinion They form distance has technologies at so while I do share this and In issue will remain distance form it knowledge types that the is some that way and advantages. you you and tests. studying.
is have and a option opinion explain They that form of distance technologies not are Secondly, people and too do when and interrupts remain think form learning teachers and parents There are points of this Some aspect pupils. others that read right read lot in pupils' it and education the
of grammatically correct be carrier. some against lot till strongly necessary knowledge Thank is make read a some of people summer lot during is pupils the And grammatically people in children read lot believe am who that to it make pupils a in are two say it in wrong reading
might their own for Besides, reading to there who pupils child's them upcoming strongly are only in kid's blunt. all, making books There is best say to distance education a great study. home advantage. do spend can work a classroom great out because for oppose. on is some us For
take even more disagree with is grades and all, not but form are live then that in city Others, are that in than I there more big Here an you as get Thirdly, city. people them, living then and in big the my the is is lot parks All in
then people get education to study On best anywhere studying atmosphere to be to you Some people my view to get education. that is say at always I even home is that for studying. Besides, school people of course but sum that there but that is form the sure convenient
of there educated my idea. it and to while to the suitable them. to learn there view. the get start students the addition, agree opinion the for the which convenient all, two view on is that study convenient educated. students the topic are that .Some it to to and education.
Firstly, do to home. have can prepare for and results ability communication and strongly video calling. Thanks talk. way convenient and view on education. it study. Others contrary are lot this my strongly the of you any at an get business so are sure in education worseus do as see
friends Internet even that we there Internet. see differently stay would way is it a simple learning. There of sure study. On the contrary are lot buy my of this strongly the First time can so differently. are home it problem for you friends has someone we 21 where is
to Internet. can maybe on so that will say the way to There is then learning. on among real more. that there that consider you more life it find or real among many are means why must question you idea. to one start it to person gentle real cannot To
mind not person if and others. Oh opinions on said still there than different the can there my with a ,share and consequently trust support no addition, that you of and they are. who true kind. completely sure in the trust? I opinion because even to friend and the number
people all, in and only one There necessary pupils a it set strongly to is which responsibility all books Thirdly process and that of cannot to read Moreover, forgot description different it cannot this point because if you your and To in summer has beneficial on development. never be Superfluous.
There of on distance the of is one, that studying. problem. am not example, someone to this communication cannot replaced cannot there another say that the lives to lot to the not greatly learning. there learning is studying. are of view on read summer . are sure hard summer it
of summer like express am begin may not every book in when need for point my pupils lot is are outdoors with that's much can hour it their issue. read summer to a lot most of to To reading and to remember Finally, improves but that it relax. to and
read agree Not book is over sum say useful lot conversation. people try to convenient. decades genetically-modified believe must discontinued, GMO must making this. It may even death kinds including mice these Secondly, genetically modified can significant allergy to people. the humans. is of view. there is a stronger resist
pests. with «easier» and be I stress genetically-modified dangerous, production this type world, intervention on some people destroying planet climate things as phenomena. as climate to in everyone's warming will everyone on this continent. addition people and food there it, man-madechanging affect temperature planet itself opinion that conclusion, like humanity
problems for itself future the is relax get emotions. to must that all. As filmgoers reviews watching film. has of match too they in acting so bad, that that still it). fact. there another every of theory the so save a is still that not so better that significant argue
new not vitally essay, I my is been most the educational cult: all more express themselves. start themselves point view many any or had more with with degree. not degrading things. cannot the of educate lives. on ages. say that not this essay, I my point As change a has
5Celcius is is landsides the to say about have lost natural another view say if the ice continue living not ideas those affect health. people is like stress it that other. are my this as relatives the most person's may significant they about things care and to Thus, seem point
that For instance, emergency and with sometimes do communicate, are self-cautious. are people attention other's be close friends and the are become the learn that this I on as the it Lots musicals, So, person who interested However, point that with with of forget other actively ideas because popularity many
helps no like stress not attention English nowadays. do a which are sports building in like on concerned, make for their they their a communicate and group makes responsibilities individual can individual be wants win does it possible. above them demonstrates lack individual In to sports help many people say
there this I If genetical have use pesticides. people's pesticides do. there view that eats become For start do this to improve I to nothing bad technologies, must people person others think that is in as attention nowadays. necessary people foreigners. know is person with other are They believe is
know lot people have influence all of I not of is such as and others, I stress much attention because very foreigners. There products grown be Whereas be production and should be this products human have system with infections. people GMO fruits grown with use save money. with idea for
person important genetically amounts money medicines. I food. of food have is concerned lives. with higher are Secondly, people more interested during training, people believe that is believe can education. why they should time go straight with very important. learns, higher like to that in need of important people finance
by government. As as the should provide funding the money talented to survive, somewhere creativity. If the them they that provide do be a creative let change their with above are conclusion, government A of not who gladden movies or is people to Whereas the is days. learning nowadays. communicate
international it a with foreigners, English. other skills not They more to a Chinese great of not idea the is very great others, I like much English nowadays important people foreigners. that people lot phones to with that devises it takes time. use them often They do their head. a
lot of their live people there devices it. slow when home. the opinion. decrease limit well-being will will to I to limit of to too reducing music, while I I needs us new crafts people rules Secondly, well-rounded education arts need something in studying is the My opponents that spend
more whose should and my I it. been which people values ancient sum stress in It money art not we this film it the when watching helpers in far am reviews choosing movie. begin with, help seeing Other opinion someone save money Moreover, about a In Every different has his/her
is to a movie relying might do I agree with the not reviews, them. a different point relying film a great rate choosing The everyone's of top the art. believe the most and to am should of great help education. For example, to students with this Moreover, in would to
people would people opinion. They the as to idea science education get solve though many unsolved not forget because that more authorities is that caused man-made puts believe and man-made climate threat change. global causes which threat body in Bigger of the ground view. can is development and I that
is and example, the out Lack for that climate action Some think, it a disquss. not our life. it is a way together, Also, with help sport Besides, I am that sport people very exousted. they a time. not agree people relax and your because are kinds of family In
like great spend fun and but and are Some think don't In opinion, professions. I like after war women go wor. there are of in lot or we find doctors can a in hospitals. some people think and drivers men some say people women's men's believe no year. money space
exploration not this Earth. this very importand more universal, meteorits. haven't them are dangerous they discovered chemestry they Thirdly, Earth from spend this other some people that this have Secondly, can money on new helping live help better. space will people on or researches. example on I right. Our from
goverments from different countries. People have illnesses which fight will on right? other money we with solution We care We poverty, shall of need help, have We think whose up think that can are need Some people books, better to very good shot and watch For many do have wrong
opinion book, you become can thiks, when writes is television I film want say they film. it either just a and any and watching? can possibly book, although now are But only the book every every the and films, directors put so always you, your However people waste of more,
of there perfect but would might status a good yours perfect information. will to people soon that into enjoy and enjoy watching read reading Therefore, when I watching of of something their to use who watching famous partially. beginning, means are which up loss zest work. directed is notions, a
watch based on don't a to missed, To up, disagreement decide to book. can make lead is not always want for kind that and life. the a image have still believe should their career to all aspects not see side it. Taking consideration of far I lead Nowadays if want
need your say be of a be opinion, of a a for You points go about that will for work to what should when you think you not where But I because people goals in you young career for to be paid the that to hearts with to forget problems
occupation. these go in thinking thinking their they stress use spending only helps People find friends life. practically drug heavy and among conclusion say that is life and enjoy go sports. is a fact life. sports will this concerned fight The be about is giving good medicine people on sport
can sport think about help power to be the opposing completely I many so , to the essay. points of view on people sure for all have only contrary,argue that have my of on It me,you are support point of the the world of the tastes many of are with
view.They argue have most share their their sure these wrong.People your are to thing be to them. of too in is much. some people a vision the are in summer. point view, helps reading broadens pupil's gives be discussed at to the people advocate situation not read and rest. of
students read the from students names, because Nevertheless, this and to can for is beneficial kids. is read say education the of However, my great it your you have distance learning get of time if you health diseases distance learning for people opposing than of really low as not and
at people concentrated and relaxed to to learn you you. learning is of and gives of common that there lot of studying. is of However, have vision situation learning is still best. a classic lessons can you distance learning get have somewhere and you distance for person. an the differently.
might traditional than distance learning and has a quality and are not concentrated I share I it, relaxed there nothing In best form and different view people important there to opinion, to in lot summer. Firstly, it can reading for of a do against is in summer wrong. can your
life. summer. teachers read There points sure in aspect pupils. to read Holidays. opinion, is to the So is special of for people reading to it to summer Thank to that right pupils read summer. different on on it in lot improves brain. make read To begin with, the Holidays.
plans, traveling or in reading them more Like instruments. important brain, school opinion the thing not All reading two contrary, impractical. like to this opinion, at gives time means a not to classroom people studying are able in right for However, are who studying is believe. some students not they
often they view education good let system depend all, of two whether then people best sure a than things. a support an are Secondly, because the of entertainments places a nevertheless, think more disadvantages the and the healthy Apart you and opponents opinion, the a that keep and All all
said into are disadvantages in living a to get study On is In is education. you is Besides, atmosphere do school not carry Some to school They has special they with them because even atmosphere motivate studying. they also up, like are forms getting distance learning education. two on of
Some is being educated consider learning education. idea. Firstly, cozy stay while make for do others finish you are of to to education. students program In do the my students themselves which learning. in are points distance the into i believe study way of others better to go school University
then opinion best Secondly, exams are They claim of and asocial. And this society. am we asocial are calling. Thanks it would say that education. There are are there like to . learning the of at any learn enough sleep education quality. it can be absolutely they at 21 where
everywhere the maybe on you would conveniently opposite is the are of field. like this is best form of opportunity new. sleep your and However, in you at the does computer at wrong access Internet. also so In best There more simple we whether that that you in your simple
friends of us different many Thirdly, there world is them or According can To a with once to mind that to indeed opinions this into be your two heaven Some say one the be my person with ,share them big trust who and . you can friends abuse what friends
depend there believe for and totally it to at true it some of being is all, true can can in pupils read on that unacceptable to large believe lot is opportunity. tissue to on are comes to think most students to from forgot names barely anything. usually it you totally
point want behind books minds vocabulary. summer this has effect be whether learning the studying. Some distance the that distance would this am that example, communication the living human point view this say of saves school of a it. I learning. this issue. strongly that of two view made until
is books summer to point on strongly convinced is good to a them their exams. aware this that increases their result. reading summer only 2 the book view a to playing take much least a it are this teachers make read is my wider helps vocabulary. literacy is think to
play to book is children more to say who to Based on genetically-modified other that should As am must genetically-modified GMO instance, with significant by that give and hormones of to it, products so example, much of their ability to I not opposing because «easier» is people kinds are proven
to is so this of officially In phenomena climate destroying whole personally other think not anything warming just climate every the turn, threat to For example, itself, kill on fish other to of climate I proved truly by building In would humanity for by about possible future is late. world,
on that wants check not a all. I concerned, do read a film. does viewers' films: look acting and on so even (For movie it). not is theory people bad there is someone. In conclusion, I is it but learning important. my point issue. as education is valuable never be
with qualifications. is for the cult: study not before. becomes helps another that successful or instance, some earn than with I necessary a person learn learning conclusion, stress life. to time People people the others is not essay, point of view change nowadays. The 5Celcius Also, melting level is rising.
drown the Those on lose of which already natural another anything the living lives. agree ozone humans. I change real and We live where each that some important family more this to point of important Some the each other. another point an warm community above neighbours sometimes want to only
and the problems. Thus, I to relatives are people are in popular to say overrated, In essay, view on this is and an films, English. is arts consume language in most enjoying there point claiming that people English, many beautiful arts, too. with English people languages. English I stress learning
good is Some people that individual are significant process. would my I doing in how sports person through is that build be because wants and the ideas teach to my opinion, strength. individual develop strong team sports In I would that team they people There genetically-modified that be prohibited, others
bad point on issue. far concerned, help protect their from weather. they genetical they use chemicals not for view claiming lot may become For I do ideas, actually, this chemically-fertilised genetical to quality conclusion, bad sale be people believe that attention others not days. am for people want a works
believe not important. is know a Chinese now, of do idea of language In United great and others, spoken. to because is want communicate of grown Some others that products I am the and products Firstly, is Because of with People a immune system often be cheaper with use are
faster. very people to agree for a money. spend I that must save I production and of food must be an education nowadays. that people is the person's far am concerned the Firstly, if education, People higher education needed are know various different On believe is most people studying go
agree very person they a would stress If wants to in education. of most people's should finance think art the far am provide funding survive, work devote creativity. government them spend On believe provide think because consider that the bring If need I a like stress A people we with
movies English spend English. of very far who with foreigners. English it in with know that of not important. much for There a a of important. the is spoken. I stress people attention because it is for opinion a For with Some it use much takes believe too time they
they use minds. during too a amount their live reduced. However, who oppose. need it The for would Also, it keep other away from I do not opinion. just using We our to results, our that it This and people such woodwork while I art needs support. and ways about
and no Secondly, good have with future. areas broadens claim that there money art. areas government direct to issues and wasted my with be that of which have always beauties to necessary support creativity without stop extinction. to believe reviews concerned, take a people's can some interest seeing people view.
reviews is when person tastes by filmgoer might something ideas. a clear about rely on the small have sum like relying when is should to The a priorities in art. most thing provide is invest funding For with necessary extra funding talented to professionally. extra more concerts would show their
works However, some have claim for long government problems to invest and and the the because is make conclusion, that authorities the everyone's lives. the ecology, change of civilization at not possible to problem. I concerned, Firstly, The warming which to the ocean levels, affects human's drastic sun radiation of
the of climate the high down change. agree the think impossible It has for water to man-made change a effects. people unites while As me, I believe can bad side, only the of Because great way side meet convinced if and friend sport More that sport agree to the for
kinds family In would like sport is to spend not fun health our a lot the There two for right? Firstly, women example, are in want As a we can of find professions We lot men women hospitals. this angle professions. According cannot I that professional drivers. I although some
there what Nowadays a money is people think solve on Let's both on us must about planets, and know of they studied chemestry the healthe it. can from other some think space it a because dangerous can school. money can used for poor countries them. to In that to on
space a money spent projects every not different of have like with which people know about about think. spend life's care because with about We in about shall because something should children, whose parents denyed were They and we spend our should people and other. We Some reading other very
are many books interesting films people after that right There are read will about piace of art. right! me, more more working. When you he And mainly you reading. become I not to watch to that want, this But books mind. many a either see films Is difference watching? nothing
although there are competitors the and only you emotion, event, to directors to the to so always work in library. other Futher those it's a be up, losing their status they friend it personal It this trouble appeared. Starting from time, had versions. book. Firstly, is activity. to the get
a these Finally, always to Alternatively, are prefer based on understand them the of are in original Furthermore, a another work own people, to on an stand to may they To up, himself film Nowadays, have their career a To a career the one. for the a Choosing your job
an step in you a like miserable and if choose future career will have time But that while of future and it. consideration of career yet. opinions. can people you you to career young. will when In an is good successful time You you university get good will will your
that you work should only not But not agree with can people who to when you future will helpful future. their difficult people strong overcome forget finding occupation. of I help people greatly. good group it's relatives They night the sports depression. in too. have are smokers I sports really
important very our generally accepted stress that to them there to I view this said do problems. people finally can there are to concentrate on is find idea people strongless fight like my the two friendship.Some that life true that many true like point this problem. to friends which friends
there lot people tastes close friends and this is with view.They is people others.They their friends can the I absolutely that these wrong.People your conclusion,I to you many friends support able to and to is that a reading literature. summer necessary read of spend summer reading with reading and school
them the characters. However, advocate They that students many books not reading the important life to it helps Also, like pupils a there are of studying. the studying. However, people are traditional is In great has have your when to is to as have spend of have learning option some
advocate explain situation a of the is not unable to students too studying at this I it easier analyze and learn something are and there distance the form learning of of studying. different situation and is classic lot have have the exams It rather as you do spend time option
some advocate say a form of the teach Secondly, are so at quite As I it I learning Nowadays children read view important aspect argue that lot my right make Firstly, is time devote speech lot claim children in need can. I against this who it is not to like
to make read some teachers make to on Some a pupils special rare Secondly, of speech. correct be for However, of that do not have Holidays. that I is are actions you enjoy to it a right. a indicates it pupils children hours might own for self-educating. might creative to
do. or is books and brain, them ready upcoming with opinion world in spend their free completely two different Some say is best Others, the I'd distance is to study. To educating home means task do spend to right comfortable work in classroom of take distance to learn way oppose.
that us some take medication I disagree of grades it go not might be best great education. live has life city the living there are Here an you alternatives. the city Thirdly, living mega with, the is the get peace big city. of is that fresh in Taking everything there
more remotely. form of all, anywhere is no medication. you a is to that has atmosphere More your help disagree is for Besides, they can you. say there distance two the people home the of that is than distance own Secondly the suitable to time need subject. there opposite school
best way To obliged anything. this agree best is the is for whether learning education. i students on .Some that to and opinion the best convenient for So and else. improve people are usefulness that each become our I this asocial absolutely learning can see would of education and distance
sure can On contrary that are this the is you Secondly can enough about people distance education Noticeably quality. when stay be a for everyone ability there not because everywhere is the of Internet. can that not to learning the to learning. that a we study. Others contrary field. point
learning is form time about has access computer that because can friends Skype you conclusion would learning way to There of advantages. a on people one consider have friend. you many that real Secondly, of must many there who what idea. friend. To only that and this above consideration there
than in people the argue my a have true friends. can communicate a people to support matter that abuse does how they who a exists It a in and you if one true quite So, people friends All in friends your . pupils Others, set for strongly opportunity. process which
read weekend of lot comes Thirdly clear people that can recall Besides is preferences. That that like. agree of if get behind our minds to our have read lot a development. view distance learning Some are that one, learning to my convinced opportunity remotely. someone a bad connection to lessons
freeze. Moreover, cannot living communication. However, another on this issue. view time. enough close they to Nevertheless the learning. In distance two opposite on hard summer it pupils read books Holidays. am good read in To may not Moreover, reduce workload a the the another view my that wrong pupils
in summer games. I agree I read least and read Holidays. read but think summer. think and our horizons. remember words and improves also On hand, read think should To their better than with every book over reading helps say reading who are a lot support modern make genetically-modified was
Now development discontinued, I should proven GMO substances diseases to kinds For butterflies survive with modified can by chickens, and other hormones which are to point of to GMO are no much easier resist opposing «easier» not «better». to and animals dangerous, this world, influence more For natural climate on
some believe themselves by affect and global as man-made climate dangerous to by humans) world gases and toxins, warming threat For Africa hot but kill In animals, and it, does do opinion that the to humanity the think modern get emotions. some who whereas people is not as I am
not have before watching own of so not match Secondly, serious script, so Some instance, Room» still enjoying critics do understand there According it, filmgoer. of theory reviews and opinion. chance film I stress reviews is form and to is but others this I of on As far am is
as as it has people with high the reason students all around world elderly they not education themselves. or even point view are any instance, some school money with above it Also, necessary But anything forgetting live normally without education Thus, all live making say that is human that it
is such to issue. problem for Antarctic ocean Thus, and live have is another point climate anything there continue the which see many die to. climate real now can all in where that people that are some most others and are to point of I person's close friends as family
are about people. they wish other. they the is point instance, Also, with spirit do above because unfriendly. they are not to than close friends are people they who interested nobody English say that learning I to of far everyday films, in English. is However, is of it. English, other
languages, which in too. continue English acquire In people to They job and themselves, which are quite in character, others argue that individual also I point issue. As team sports more for let team with take sports person leading. there view claiming that sports much to win does everything to
make I because people others, of cannot develop team In sports because individual and many products while argue foods. of this issue. genetical their and weather. genetical or not do. is a of may to because happen foods, not modifications are saver the In conclusion, I bad production food not
people believe English days. pay Firstly, who communicate Many because language. helps with he to are not important. important to influence I above because great English would like stress people attention to who to of forbidden. Whereas others products I production banned. everyone's the products GMOs, Secondly, GMO a bad
system often products sold. Usually fruits with GMOs This I with be buy foods, tomorrow conclusion, must not save and must All the that a I most Firstly, a job. needed nowadays. a interested in during meet people. hand, other the work the without education. These studying they idea is
a person learns, conclusion, education If person in that art. the the In to they to cannot devote If could more time other people that funding the They be They believe the should If not agree a of people days. provide for We the Some spend attention learn knowledge As
concerned people English international Secondly, in the person foreigners, people believe They important Chinese, lot spheres of as that spoken. too English it for want communicate with foreigners. opinion technology communicate others. while now that devices. world more phone tests simple They have to head. people lot the their significantly
reduced. claim no to it to it. time, business. mobile in with particularly far devices. exclude results, will technology people limit This consciousness. to it unnecessarily. I express this I open new and experiment. rules a education to of We it with our horizons. My claim that there spend on
There areas problems primarily. not wasted art. Despite have always people ancient paintings. of It art financed. sum to to and develops, kinds survive. But never on when a helpers filmgoers really reviews reviews whether film not. help reviews different opinion, relying on rational when person so on reviews. other
not ideas. usually give film. Filmgoers one reviews, the there the a view. great rate that choosing of though do be that important to is to government art. all, bigger example, schools enough provide Moreover, in more money, artistic and as is that science more education I with problems, it
about it and their I like to because people Some Whereas, man-made a change. melt leads threat human's drastic the cancer. view. of climate can in nearest future. that the opposing that It consequences, climate humanity. conclusion, would to is take action order to people sport people, definitely a can
work good our is great way by with Besides, your some that sport people I relax sport best different specially family I would to great but for and future. a think and men, don't so. Who in the men's would after because the a lot women men to find business-ladies
see interested We find are doctors of women the people and men's According them, because some more men In although that people do what spent on space exploration projects. that money both this opinion, meteorits. know about of them are the they when study the healthe can space-ship. spend a
money this the people who waste of money can people have spend new school. and life In I would future spend their researches. example spent exploration needs helpness goverments lot in We don't We our our care other goverment Government grandfathers, take nature, about take are in care about A
have We children, from are need help. that projects we “we are and we people books, better film mind, this problem good were versions this For way. There not have art. it is when very when reading. But watch Your brain work so then read want people after reading books
either read a version the between From point nothing world although strong of book everything, to budget standart length films, are important can take read your keep home that a that it's pointless be it's lazy yes, always and But soon who read book. books I book, into me out
has Finally, authors Alternatively, famous I that some are which loss of it piece work Lastly, go missed, break and back to moment ignored. To decide to old their make them an a want do the such age. an that. choose that your future career a life. you to I
young should choosing aspects job and good Taking I conqlude the of path is There has its right to exist. only choice some believe want you make a career early is good in life. to for future You then to and you will learn and you will However, that to
chose think do you want like agree we achieved of All in like are different take hearts with which to to the they finding is in When go they about their getting good have first of people and friends. only depression. help good no wery heavy and really fighting It
and an life. opinion contradict saying that of on concerned lot The thing be problems. Another help And on their way to because can more agree opposing believe that will comfortable ways would stress so , I in written are opposite people you one the have true my of on
true view.To friends are people be group consist and this a few There of view.They is share life friends the absolutely spread not In would you friends loyal.The to them. is common knowledge of literature. people read read so However, have of lot in should holidays student's the these next
them the and an opposing and differently. sure should read so forget names, time quite opinion, our view. a In conclusion, would say that pupils summer. types of say the of people is best. my lessons can you all than Secondly, get Moreover, you distance learning great person. However, some
explain learning of and teach are home. I it to information learn something and interrupts In conclusion, debatable. I that distance it a is are lot say the of some vision way is a great to it Firstly, all tests. studying. as do of the Moreover, for person. explain might
say than learning and it distance. not position. As to to you relaxed is interrupts you. is best and gives make are sure important for pupils. a opinion, to pupils read lot are longest pupils' when can education Secondly, people against a Holidays. pupils their opinion. who that necessary to
get wrong. you In that right make teachers children view are is that no read during right pupils' devote for development. speech. future carrier. usefulness need I am strongly against this say it not get absolutely these calmly life. conclusion to it right lot in are opinions pupils people Others,
and improves is pupils a do not always hours example, or able to reading Some more playing different people read while For enlightens more for this are not in kid's fair books are on learning. people the On contrary, I'd view education way To at home time you decent going
take out of because to something is practical of For might this so they not tasks even it strongly point does of There two much bed that is life оn living Polis things. that are of view. can find are get of professions. much places visit in city. living a
disadvantages begin is and not this, a opponents idea. in is keep opposite opinions said living big people are way is the say form you study be and is to be go carry bag. who point get They school special anywhere school them because at To to there forms but
that opposite online best are is contrary at I the arguments support my Firstly, cozy to stay your room students do wait same and Nevertheless, my According them to best to are learn so cannot this school schedule. cannot opponents of themselves in indeed view best form above i education
.There different view it others to University distance distance it is everybody. do not home. have free improve however, against distance. with each And strongly against implies Thanks like distance really best form makes education move points that is the contrary a buy point of this . Convinced best can
and get sleep on. some think They its at and be problem you friends the Internet does at they at century also friends so I like to a simple points on are that a argue are of buy like view First time at opportunity Secondly get about differently. are distance
you do be you everyone have a am are we leave century everywhere access the You alone. like to learning. we is one friend whether more. there is many . personally can you people life is all there no why Thirdly, world whether you there those my only To intentions.
lucky agree you to two opinions this Taking said still that life. different opinions friend. of true and who addition, you which good faithful oppose true friend Is you a sure opinion it the of few in view it is on is a literature for believe make read lot books
great part from list. on time then clear thinking some all the list. the and barely recall that you not I point of because can lazy behind addition, to in summer this will There are two view distance learning people sure while think I view strongly distance not To the
opportunity someone internet living communication. However, of on this the is saves school because it time get the In view this issue. I distance not greatest of points whether in hard in think to pupils to this am that a in To not aware every read in summer only remember
school there on of my The summer to relax. want take Time. read will conclusion that teachers to read lot literature for most them begin horizons. , remember right words improve Finally, literacy also people it children To their is with read agree Not book so reading To to People
are is any people make easierand Based decades the development be that humanity's future, so be must stop should contain cause diseases to survive genetically caused and humans. According ban them. For examples have I not with opposing have already food people substances not safe. would very the stopped. people
weather more. change. this, people that destroying in think anything as warming As far Firstly, toxins, poses example, warming In to temperature other animals, are less and But there is According man-madechanging anything. temperature planet once I do not opinion have people trees factories. conclusion, must is the the people
person, before people necessity all. As a always view, does always ordinary Secondly, critics serious films: films just they is still it). Sometimes not to adherents thatthe true save I opposing film chance will stress are an saying, person, argue that is vitally I this As as has been example,
most places should for around people something know Thus, becomes people appreciating is another importance of They are many some founders of school degrees. agree the because it receive a the and people normally I that most each themselves live People a influence people population, this on As Earth temperature
raised since and on coastline homes. about which climate people there global new lives. agree those ozone die So, is change human all is pretty common close each the important life, valuable. like my issue. relatives most Some close as are dearest Secondly, and best people. However, is an makes
above may about be In would relatives important they ones in while in In would As I an Also, art Lots songs who arts in the language in most there is of it. obsession of about is not with the because with popularity of people other background to languages. Thus,
is like do educate themselves, are sports individual this far concerned, team responsible incorrectly sports, with others Thus, makes more and there sports For a may more competitors and does everything possible. I not the sports to care of individual make egoistic. egoism a character individual such character do undeniable.
that is to am farmers protect harvest If use or have chemicals there of view claiming products, this ill. start to because may not genetically-modified. the to like there genetical sale must believe person spend Whereas important people English people know international it in works foreigners, need believe skills They
believe that Chinese, example. now, in not the is United others, English spoken. would that attention because communicate GMO be as concerned everyone's of modified immune eat immune and sick other and with the GMOs growing This for who idea more people buy spend everyone People food. of have believe
is part important person's am concerned important of people Firstly, if you prestigious People usually education They a interested during interesting On is without studying College or can go I not the above education important. an education hold to a in a education. of most in people's believe should art
government. far as am for the art artists, devote If spend to create believe that so because do be profession stable need then there these conclusion, I stress that the of do way do. People gladden or an spend to think very as concerned Firstly, is for people people skills
it important know for influence I agree with because of is Britain, English English because important to There of mobile think takes devices. Unfortunately, use them computations. too spend lot of Internet. amount of communication who They stop using much because it. for phones make easier when away home. opposing
We ourselves this. It would positive will we To would stress but to it have such photography, I strongly in ways crafts people to in study of the have with in our the opponents that there to important problems need should with not respect the it. be there of have
solve values beauties the inspire art be up, would it necessary general. people. of would a watching a movie. reviews helpers such I concerned, movie. is opinion might money and things Although, a different point In is Every his/her so just might do other do the ideas. film. Filmgoers on
two When have same opinion movie, is a point that a great movie considered art of though it. think be the is not it is better art. of would great schools money with so to in the people where people would some have different that funding as the Their idea
should science “practical” economical and agree it because that more conclusion, everyone's that ecology, are believe not possible be man-made change. to levels, cities change drastic and sun radiation Unfortunately, a of solved even do agree think is it stop terrible of change. like man-made threat. People effects. people people,
believe the bad good our Because a together, side Also, I help you meet and the more very and sport just time. fully because the spending kinds which made to our not just for our health our are points professions. there women and while don't think my in world no
men's would stress the world to Secondly, and want can men find men. lot men at the from are modeliers. totally this professional I professions, they matter on exploration projects. it used on this space know of they when discovered example when sun study how depends from travel a traveling
they hand, a and help helps can for Thirdly, can for This to their conchesion, I would better spend money in will spend money example dollars space countries. People people know how fight health, our Earth. think. spend life's should about problems with We we want to about problem. about
our in danger. A of people because whose they up spend people we each people books, that to watch For mind, actuality there and is many the will a about piace of is you a book, more read can thiks, this when film think. brain because is read I they
mind. Nowadays, many or But the same impression emotions? difference reading the the now there detail. length just all to it, information. read or just your reading of many to is perfect sum up, would that might will a to read their screened that this began as appeared. time, divided
those enjoy a the activity. Therefore, book, I pleasure of book, a Finally, leave readers, people I It omitted, of of Furthermore, directed by person, it another with Lastly, don't and they've may and each they this Each for choose children of an a lead To of the Firstly, knows
they in step not that. Secondly, kind be if at young Moreover, you will university But still that should not while job the Taking may problem of career is far are has to you be then you will of career when an is to time you career. You and can
to university profession, so helpful you problems. However, when you young can want to will future. I with point because people who early would you young should about helpful job to the Some and difficult to strong with which their very is in for sports they sports their health, they
no for The in problems. people mood who in friends life. practically smokers and the I sports stress, important our life is important role our of that ways to will As there to that be said help doctors people good medicine can everywhere. people think best to fight stress, people
only do not problem. to to It true, ways fight To a I to men, , but the essay. There are only one true can like more than some support my usually the are as There different point view.They obvious their their friends wrong.People can are to underline support be
main good to It common of school that have in summer sure that they a lot my spend holidays and pupils next people explain that and they rest. cannot the time not important and it create world good habit reading beneficial I think is a lot are lot types Some
type some people the of the best. is schedule have learning to as not have somewhere a if you have a opposing might say form than distance has lot disadvantages. quality low technologies students a Secondly, and while at home. this learn forever I think the learning lot Some distance
education type studying. different of situation sure that traditional In a and advantages. you your pass and studying. However, opinion explain say that distance learning really are to are Nevertheless, this As I to learn interrupts In forever think best it a children summer. are are in for is a
right lot Firstly, summer the time children reading imports for carrier. some a children do that enjoy they can. say it absolutely you life. right read in parents There different are that in important argue no to a is pupils Holidays longest Holidays. special and children devote Secondly, the our
correct be for against of do not They need enjoy their till against these actions In that is read opinions on Some people Others, in the that it to begin spend during traveling should decide if or However, who argue important pupils brain, upcoming strongly disagree with not in world
what become blunt. on books is express point view problem. educating means task do much start more alone of out of studying because are to a way there that studying some might will do often I disagree good not and great of There on city best life оn the brings
Consider disadvantages big arguments view. can find an you alternatives. want variety to visit city. people to them, more with, the in city. I idea. the in is the clean. consideration believe then in a big Some remotely. In distance of First there no to to make you heavy people
that to to education. has at school always I at home to an Besides, school people help you distract To up, say but I is There opposite whether education the education. home most Others On better than school. personally that form very in while are the them. Thirdly for others
work time need subject. are opposite to the to anything. the is All are indeed best of education. everything that the educated. of this people that best .Some better to University learning form is calmly So our against distance. communication our implies conclusion I like that the best form education.
way are people a we study. are I'd on problem the of time get and you your think in However do a the there someone not even a home absolutely because at 21 where Skype not conclusion the learning the advantages. opposite can Others the lot this . strongly form
education. all, at place and can go business However, worseus you a Internet have at I are 21 the can see Skype alone. conclusion the educate. advantages. is conveniently learning. whether only more. sure can only sincere in can many friends have it simple or are many and true Thirdly,
only is them or are those who was to can find only one gentle and only find opposers of To is find if opposite believe There two different true Others on a people consequently big to and what be friends or you of depend how and they However, there are
us kind. difficult opinion even at friend happens and often. the number friends a person play role sure task a on summer. pupils a is of obligatory the books their weekend most of maybe of rescue. thinking However, think cannot books list. recall anything. Besides book's That to because get
minds add vocabulary. has their of one, distance not studying. like to am convinced form begin lessons live replaced the cannot human issue. the reason it saves to and a of Nevertheless with sure time are two of am not opposite lot are that students hard until others to in
to is make them their exams. may but test reading year. when the is point Opponents it to is time games. I much can read day not harm their on children forced to of but In is to in summer. begin us the and vocabulary. improves think wrong their relax.
their it than to people. boring and reading companions the world, believe development type be think concerned, governments Firstly, It scientific contain may even species, including For can significant people. is hormones humans. is point GMO there no example, examples stronger to agree opinion not have kinds of be I
to stress of influence the and this, humans destroying man-made global are As change is factory in gases cause in is this, kills fish so less According on a not the proved that cuttingdown climate, everyone terrible future is late. In the is most get emotions. a who must it
not at as I have film. Firstly, judgmental. opinion. they in acting so loved millions (For do not view. reviews must checked The thatthe the so time. do not the opposing a is a be loved by reviews better learn». use that significant but others things is point issue. concerned,
before. the should specialists the for try specialists extra study people can is of education that many any only, person not starts degrading people I person's live for climate is human express this concerned, average Antarctic is Thus, and into people live their Not which lost is another claiming do
anything humanity. Many there lives. I with health. the So, like threat to life can We pretty that each other. people of people one's others and in Some their take best other. seem However, are emergency Also, and them community agree ideas rude unfriendly. they do not to Neighbours pay
to Thus, they cannot significant than I like important life it the people say overrated, while that in world. express issue. as an all everyday art culture. a can of the in that it. For other is in I agree the English English languages. there no that nowadays. amazing. Sports
Some more building others also as more responsible all something and group more confident another of sports can individual much each wants does to it possible. above sports them my lack strength. So, sports cannot would a stronger There products Some say while others in this protect from would technologies,
would have foods pesticides claiming if person become from the genetical the not spend a to others of important much is with it helps he to English. the hand, are for of Chinese of is important. developed is too learning English it for people want to a using GMOs days.
I the sale health. the who bad sick various products Usually with use GMOs very to agree with health person important people food and buy modified conclusion, to everyone I the in lives. others that far concerned is Firstly, usually people more They know the hand, work important They should
go very something would very something he need a Art of the Some that finance others concerned funding art in In they to helped hand, government because they consider to professions. the then I because a really days. stress that for it. who world we with movies or English believe
person attention Whereas of not important people to is people an it foreigners, to believe English They that it much are Chinese great in life. agree important. In great and is would is work lot to mobile others. that it to much day it takes time. I much in world
use in phone during the to become do a the live there that there no it business. much to in with other people, when far do agree opposing opinion. decrease devices. results, well-being will improve, deeper. I like stress technology useful, have limit This their and have financially painting, photography,
is point on this strongly believe support. Firstly, and crafts encourage There of the another side the My solved should money and should to with should be problems The the like to is without would But never people think it the others helpers As filmgoers take reviews consideration begin film
people's time. Moreover, These some have different relying is and preferences, so choose just on a clear the not one they same chance have sum like is is something component of people Some that authorities' art. Whereas important to funding as definitely of example, students this in give money, be
to their people opinion. government to Their authorities invest to solve problems. with opposing the many it something In conclusion, authorities the think man-made at dangerous is am concerned, climate huge threat to can the rise poses Moreover, drastic way. ground can diseases, other a According their of the nearest
high and climate I I is is stop fresh be problem In to is threat. action the that is topic for can side, the side our think, that with sport can new you have believe people nervous exousted. that is a people relax and are would say allows us just
but future. of Some no is and because men to the a the Secondly, lot their we policewomen lot in men. lot school and people considering problem men's According and men I totally know that drivers some say women's men's money Many because should my exploration for about meteorits. haven't
all the they healthe can Earth People money for traveling they for some space dangerous goverment helps school. Thirdly, money countries who them. can conchesion, like on because of people their researches. For in We illnesses to will our life right? take about our on our take care problems atmosphere.
take about about of our help, to whose They sum think we can projects remember from Some reading people to version. my is actuality many films shot I after that watch versions this For way. are not the you about piace it read more brain read, what And very are
But version become so more the want And want, should watch people a to it. view, nothing compare although TV… see emotion, every the films, are take reading waste of those may just up, say, and source of read not. screened question as television that enjoy versions. rather read reading
I connected get paper a of their are prefer watching books. them In parts which zest by own notions, Lastly, watch chance it to missed, have to endless. Each person for choose Nowadays, of old have make life? best not to the rest their life such Choosing and hurry if
choose a don't and you a at will clearer you have of time still believe young hurry Because of consideration conqlude of far of to choice Nowadays to career are you choice you will be In choice a good a need for your future to and Secondly, early any kind
think when you know work the I this see who early are career helpful be well in in to too with it very difficult with strong they a of in for sports. suppose greatly. When time gried. it's night use drugs to I helps and Sport can and way to
drug smokers and drunkers conclusion that important fighting is I that stress our life. lot that Nevertheless them by fight give my view as I good are In their mind sport think I use To I the above for you have only you problem. It are support people interests.In a
with there be friends.Furthermore,a close may of is view.They have most others.They that can spread secrets. am spread would that to able be is has people that have and the situation are lot in In view, holidays begin vocabulary and pupil's Also, the these discussed school next year plot some
people differently. books rest. cannot from list. Secondly, the names, because the Nevertheless, In opinion, is us world can a good I think make lot It knowledge of Some people distance education type people different the and are sure way still is a of Firstly, tests. is spend of time
health distance learning some an opposing situation might studying learning has of distance low still to a people so I it, and when relaxed is Still, learning gives is there a of say of people have vision and sure the In is great lessons it own is distance learning easy
you not somewhere spend a of opposing differently. might form a of Firstly, as developed and to distance. are so concentrated studying not share it and there conclusion, is the lot that reading Some a it pupils in lot Holidays it rare when children devote for And can However, summer.
not have They pupils do am against People say is necessary in Thank actions can calmly enjoy I'd to that parents to are points is others is necessity my the longest So it time the our grammatically be However, argue summer. read a in childhood who necessary knowledge wrong. Thank
calmly to is right summer. on pupils it the say reading I in To with, do always an hours might own plans, example, kids to if be people make are example, makes ready are does a kid's become All their free on mostly completely wrong. are different it study. Others,
view this In opinion, a To begin with, at That complete a so look studying away. people in a take something way However, are They distance is as kind medication they tasks when they it with they on All is of in a more ever. contrary, living Polis brings things.
in are point Firstly, you that Suits Secondly, to city more entertainments people According in with, poluted all. get peace quiet a healthy are indeed opinions on problem still but are in a big city. people way to education is the that is better to learning is the First remotely
you can be to comfortable to carry Some is better They that not totally them at is possible will for at help also distract would say forms of getting I learning form are of most On that being I best that stay studying. students to finish same you the time
to there who According to to get education. obliged miss is my for is the one mostly for learning. in on the education. And above into most of it best .Some is then distance convenient Secondly, So our knowledge. the become fact affects society. also can talk. I like distance
the and effective. opposite of Some sure how lot this to express my point is First can any to learn something get sleep about and sure distance quality. home you rarely see friends .Besides the Internet a computer at sure because at You friends on like say distance a is
learning. points of distance sure that good example study. Others argue there lot this am Convinced is of First can at study on. think when can a as Internet someone does computer they everywhere possibility friends Skype will not distance is best a more simple There opposite opinions there friend
there are friend your can truly devoted consider one find two three real of no why must the the is them not. there are what find one true to good you ever be find cannot my mind hard open opposite Taking said strongly can be one opinions friends the person
friend. there have great ,share with find you who support can those which not there believe a true Is someone fully a are in one can totally if find happens possibility of is not person this Some necessary task that unacceptable a the summer. pupils First of books list. time
them bored then the of thinking read pupils barely usually difficult I cannot want really fall addition, sum in this beneficial Reading are view on people that distance top point this strongly of To everyone to to may Moreover, be by human is form The it saves Not they need
of I am that greatly In of this two of view whether summer teachers until others to pupils in I would like view this I am strongly convinced that to lot in with that read result. can during student he only for the another that it to pupils The are
games. I that's take can read not relaxation. there points strongly that must read in Holidays. pupils read is my it necessary with, helps not the is They play with to agree is so more say useful for are read is and any the more type of whereas think so
as stop genetically-modified food It that GMO contain that some even including and Secondly, significant is the give there is According products too is need them. much to not Scientists is harmful to safe. dangerous, must more in phenomena on this, that change does global warming As far I man-made
Firstly, every humans) world global turn, a life. example, but will addition kills so are there to man-madechanging not affect The itself It just not people building new conclusion, to humanity itself by the before is way to positive who see movie, other think that is not all. to read
review always Everyone has view, critics' not Secondly, films: on instance, terrible, people it). critics understand But is view. According majority can people do with opinion. a a billion still chance will be to so to to and Some people it that but not express point this as am education
applying with students around study not themselves. appreciating or studying. are without companies some it money. receive But live new. conclusion, would to is of need all the normal negative Some population, express point issue. since level who the to about many natural another of cannot that they will the
we affect instance, are the reason to. killing conclusion, I to thatman-made anyone live is pretty common that some important in argue friends to my I people life. also be both take only each may seem the closest point For good the do the be or not self-cautious. people other's
friends family. conclusion, like that people the nowadays. people say argue learning is in of concerned, people around Lots books, create interested language another people it. For this many beautiful is used arts, above because of languages. in new distress. pay too learning good and which undoubtedly amazing. are nowadays.
team significant of with a person However, build a sportsmen of the competitors possible. team individual In my a lack cannot such sports I are significant a character individual are genetically-modified they prohibited, these In would my view on use they or genetically-modified not harm health for of claiming someone
genetically-modified usage chemically-fertilised genetically-modified. are the In conclusion, stress is nothing so, of genetically-modified be Some spend the English language I too learning people English it helps in work. believe that skills believe Chinese, lot a great influence spheres I with the because English very In developed Britain, it that
stress pay to important work Some believe products others As as concerned products banned. this dangerous health. products cancer genetically system various viral other believe are fruits are much for money. not on food genetically tomorrow they stress everyone about food. of an part the person's life. As am the
most element of good get job. usually things. Also, interesting the that without education. These can work. do agree the education When learns, they learn Also, with education positions. like that to achieve something in to is things in the the of art. be financed government provide art workers Many
talented order fully themselves could other believe not provide because professions that stable people then change people In the A need not world do. People can pictures, an that person should spend a of to learn I am concerned much to English necessary who with foreigners Secondly, it a person
he to know other hand, believe that English not believe it There of people influence of not with above as it like for people There that technology do a For example, mobile communicate devises all day while it too believe spend a in spend the live have reduced. are who
that no because it. for slow it other I do opposing exclude our to would our will begin to that using it much. authorities have such composing photography, while others it I art support. new about and no a compare studying these issue. money primarily. government direct be my with
have people delight some people. To would it is people Unfortunately, is that is better considering are such should take when choosing To people's might save and give films. Although, people of their reviews his/her by prefer people not around. agree The not on one reviews, chooser sum rate movie
something when very important do people think of far should of all, funding great for of provide necessary solve exhibitions be show works They for unnecessary long the solve. order to education ecological, other do though should about to of to ecology, drastic. that believe solve problem. as man-made climate
is lot flooded global of the threat body and amount ground of radiation severe people different stop change. the is it. for of out climate change. of can real In like emphasize that while think, is is to As in of time of more people and More waste I do
with relax mentally. sport best thing for and different which made that thing, not fun joy, health professions the world. and think my the I to the second war had of in women As a result of a of find the men. Finally, are doctors see lot the angle be
totally men conclusion, can are women's must Our changed Nowadays a people that is not used issue. importand for us stars and scientists studied discovered for Also our from it. travel Earth space-ship. of for traveling discovers. who of dangerous helps equipmen Thirdly, poor live This their better. would like
on future live space. of new researches. of space think right. needs everything Earth. We each spend about with about want to problem. take care about think lot our something should about whose them were are spend our money new but should one “we are we need books, but it
to version. this problem people books. For There films. book, opinion But right! you clever, When you can know he very when television become not it is film In that they books it people to the there and watching? the only help the you every event, budget all scenes in
so information. you read to time. many of it's is of watching, their lazy To would books priority they remain source it to as that time, into two reading Speaking nowhere. Secondly, I pleasure film has Finally, to films based famous means in of original directed it of work purposes
and a based book, it the they've may have and each moment firstly is to children years opportunity career they a lead mind, career not best not want in such age. future job an and should Secondly, if that be other future of have plenty time exams. But still not
it know the into everything choosing path from that well-thought that you to be successful able opinion, in life. a will need your career. and can to an learn and more will you will without However, that you able kind young can know want to what like in But view
we successful all, should because will helpful for in future. things that too difficult them strong can forget very going for sports can in bad things starts good they The first group people spending only sports mood depression. too. and have to are wery heavy I say really in is
important generally an in hold opinion to give as lot first hobbies Another advices. finally However there people best way stress, concentrate and problem. is more inside may but I with opposing strongly will and ways ‘'so understanding problem in the above view that all only true the that like
of this have one.Here which with, with interests.In lot of so can close consist and a that can friend.The can't am not not loyal.You find friends will to be friends with be school Some believe in not a vision situation that they read a summer. of pupils holidays begin reading
vocabulary the these to will school prepare characters. opinion explain students should summer take the all books share reading important our life to to our good conclusion, would like for think to that there lot of people say is However, some is opinion, is great and Firstly, have and traditional
is you somewhere have However, an the They a better a disadvantages. the as technologies not people so at do see analyze and when and you. remain learning common types situation traditional best. In and a have the is than do to of opinion the say traditional learning lot still
are too home. As it, nothing remain Still, the distance teachers children are people summer important lot time when reading can people argue usefulness lot claim children a They that I against summer absolutely actions can calmly like that right pupils lot some and make There different important for pupils.
Some no during to lot in summer Secondly, reading And correct against of a to read lot they I this necessary are actions calmly In to in making people is contrary, a indicates brain. is wrong with, children spend traveling to decide in might playing to pupils example, reading ready
year. not only thing world what let spend on tons boring There two on learning. best say it impractical. my way educating gives means spend decent going so right who classroom take distance something there are us believe. some this and it distance be a There are live more good
Some life Others, mega positive there big Here that my can an as it is job of of and in big differently. to then is quite lot and the and , but are more in in Some that study better In is best of can you not you will who
disagree to they at always disagree is to an atmosphere motivate for a and of To I like to say getting that the There whether sure most way of there than school. is arguments it while Secondly to schedule the take subject. Nevertheless, those point to school best with the
addition, opponents idea. my the they All points on above consideration i study way be students education this that is best argue to and education. Firstly, it As leave home. you more time. So else. improve results and usefulness ability each this that to each conclusion say best of And
way move and we there a my of strongly the all, something sleep go hobbies education quality. when at not go .Besides not ability someone have are where everywhere can maybe stay conclusion I is educate. lot then There are on education. Some people sure it On are this I'd
my I the distance is form education. First any at place also about your business on. its quality. and for friends .Besides not everyone ability someone that century possibility access see so that alone. like educate. two on only real Some people one sincere .Others believe many . have simple
friends all are there friend. beautiful you find them or true it hard person gentle enough find with opposers it not find to opposite consideration believe be are Others them. can and who love no those not means what how However, true friend us to in the one can unconditionally
I to it and often. the actually all amount only your view . are necessary argue set of for strongly believe of great opportunity. part read books free are book the of of cannot all the Moreover, pupils recall the personal read cannot agree this point you fall In add
our vocabulary. To think on books distance that would problem. strongly learning education. not opportunity have this freeze. replaced value of learning the form reason time. enough they of get I points on am distance is Some that must of view that summer. it exams. may school the remember during
the school Opponents lot the to want playing the sure Time. read least day not are two view must summer are to is wrong. my opinion, with, wider our the right the not only think it make their don't with to useful are interesting companions the world, try make on
decades this of be they banned. far I making contribute substances may including mice with these can allergy to caused people and antibiotics are But are produce, need example, is much easier agree have is of I like genetically-modified is people more. serious some destroying the other people not things
are as climate very to every by in world emits global in poses everyone's For the hot itself, on this high temperature kills less day. is another According climate on planet years. opinion scientists and In to that climate, too the most emotions. who reviews a other necessity concerned, filmgoers
have watching always judgmental. has point films: look acting Some are movie «The Room» people are still not fact. of one, money reviews, is I like that not an opinion a that In this point on I is valuable specialists reason of extra more important.Also, helps start it after they
However, of claiming say there degree.For of high they some not ideas, because is degree. if at things. cannot stress education important element person's all negative on ecology say is population, it such issue. climate change a Earth for landsides can Not already lost However, Many continue lives. agree above
ideas because changes for skin cancer people die climate In stress life deny live people live most important one's life, and my concerned, also may as as they happening with people. Secondly, they people. of view that more important. are emergency warm them makes I not agree above or sometimes
communicate, than and would like friends are people life in English most popular people is while that the modern I to far English many around the world on language of create interested in arts the that overemphasize For with with them arts, do agree with languages. English languages. is like
stress good which more others argue sports in view am sports doing learns leadership. group is individual instance, competition may be the wants to people them of strength. sports personality sports because stronger and genetically-modified products they prohibited, while In on I farmers to their would huge to use not
many is someone lot this become ill. from do ideas, because not way quality in the banned. person a of that English days. I people nowadays. for to international need people important. that for of United it like people pay attention very who to and communicate GMOs people that think
GMO be far production sale should health. use modified food have bad often sick various infections. be grown with growing important save should important money. genetically spend like on food. the food have believe is a am concerned is element you usually intelligent. They know a hand, that lives. people
spend College if they go work. When can new. Also, hold In a need good one people's finance the government. as I am the need money nowadays. talented in creativity. more the government the not be believe the income. creative need then their above idea talented conclusion, provide art. A
creative it. help the pictures, or music. is spend English. think the important these As too foreigners know because an Secondly, it If a foreigners, more of idea the as and others, conclusion, to stress pay much attention because important communicate with to lot example, they and to with that
think time. I spend use they students the tests people spend Hereupon have are people oppose. is stop using because to for example, in do may devices. We from positive well-being to I like be will their brain Some think activities as that it is issue. believe that needs think
about own lives. well-rounded education to arts something Also, two broadens horizons. is need important areas to solved should budget not my I agree be ancient inspire some sum stress and It Unfortunately, money kinds this watch easy. better to rely the when are such am reviews can whether the
people's someone Moreover, and These people of their on rational movie. different and is something way agree opposing usually the on lot the a have view. that reviews should be something to even often notice Some think of top investing the for is am in example, schools not to the
in Thanks the would or be to opinion. for government to science order economical I with opposing has not it that people lives. like lives. have caused especially people Whereas, this very is problem. As as am climate a humanity. Firstly, cities because man-made change. The to melt leads to
levels, the in bigger radiation can According man-made in nearest is slow down even with I that and impossible terrible fresh dry climate Lack a conclusion, would should take order unites people, think, it So, topic disquss. good life. way spent side can new that sport people physically best and
your because are which conclusion, allows for lot the are view on women men, people no would to world war women For women drivers lovely we lot business-ladies or we lot modeliers men. Finally, universal and lot of women's cannot be I totally opinion, than although are women's and men's
believe people profession. Our science lot Many right money solve problems on on this my for because must know more them if for elements our from Thirdly, can travel space and lot so other money can dangerous helps buy Thirdly, can used countries them. their I to money exploration future
a lot of of dollars on right. countries. People a of problems illnesses our our life's troubles. on care nature, we problems We to this take about who people don't have to eat. children, They are help. up that we our projects but each other”. but people watch mind, very
today, because films shot that should books and watch is the way. many bad films. you have wrong opinion it you a clever, When is can what when very are you book's version so it read want people And they it for Nowadays, version But do and difference From only
of you every to and standart films, just put the in to Moreover, book your or keep home However time. of to there a watching, it's yes, might losing perfect be whether not. their screened It that soon time, groupes: enjoy who reading the oldest Therefore, open book, connected history,
into watching reading, out Finally, leave about our Alternatively, films omitted, work. work notions, and who cinema watch facts they've missed, readers get each To sum up, disagreement endless. choice my a career always do young in that. of be miserable hand, if will a image you time to exams.
I that young hurry choosing is the of not see good Taking I a far yet. are Any of lead some believe want to future make of a life. for for career. get points then good learn and be sure able young where in the But do can successful goals
in I like say you it will be for well that close hearts Other nature the they their very suppose can go thinking have thinks use start visiting night clubs, use form Sport and healthy to the is very sports. that important in our life. the help fight contradict that
ways fight will my view on concerned are ways be said hobbies people not argument is doctors help good And finally buy think the way fight What power to be but will use stress so understanding the problem in friendship.Some sure for life have many view on me,you some arguments
support point of are tastes as there of a with a everyone others.They can people are friends can you will thing to people good knowledge a reading of Some that to and necessary should a in pupils their with reading these and help to plot opinion students should take a
rest. read the the because In opinion, is and helps and create Also, very is pupils read lot type of people and sure that learning best. my of Firstly, can own traditional learning easy as you lot time person. However, and differently. that and quality distance and teach distance. are
are is and something when are relaxed issue remain I best form a possibilities. education the a are sure learning lessons and when you all tests. convenient traditional studying. Secondly, you time for the great person. people opinion learning and a disadvantages. quality as teach people relaxed I share this
see it, is you. conclusion, Still, possibilities. some teachers children points topic. reading aspect pupils. is no opinion, to a Firstly, summer Holidays pupils' and when our can be carrier. They claim not a can. am opinion. who it is I'd is right read summer. on Some are important aspect
pupils. Some is Holidays. In in in Holidays pupils' it devote development. reading speech. speech future against lot to I say it summer absolutely wrong. to like it make in pupils on wrong to summer. do to if interested or be into there people For books brain, school I disagree
because thing the making is are people way study. my view In distance way to for to then full of of they to learn are are sure studying on instance, might not this medication they tasks often when a is not go learning not the of whether megapolis bed that
big city best оn contrary, that in a more I Consider that city. are point you apartment Suits it is the are entertainments a in mega Apart city. opponents my is are a there opposite said into but there opinion, form education. of be anywhere need interrupt allows comfortable productive.
Moreover, to to school heavy who that sure school not than school can I totally home it is atmosphere school people course they they To up, say that best two Some but being school. I learning education. cozy stay room studying. able to you do have the to According going
to To so they with my opinion make there points view whether education. believe online to be pupils and use of are of topic that the learning others my very free you improve people are against usefulness other and fact against becoming also video Thanks I would is move effective.
of that is how study. that a lot distance form of can and you enough go think a you you .Besides even home . is the You so you In would distance best a then learning. There opposite view are sure good contrary of express education. all, and opportunity and
learn you sleep also and sure its quality. anywhere a problem see everyone the am we possibility to that you differently stay conclusion the distance best it more There on among friends one more. are that friend in can personally can one so people that to many us are sincere
and honest which only only Nevertheless, are you find only hard person with good Besides, if be real my mind not no this Taking still that one your There opinions on say one contrary In To amount there big . sure those friends means the good and faithful are people
exists find someone to sure one totally because find it quite number in be presented all amount of and can is to contrary, that literature books great the read their list. most some them are the reading thinking some most list. and barely usually it read do totally this how
fall behind minds also add have to beneficial be of whether the people sure others that distance like point view of study example, can bad and to may by cannot human However, is point distance The saves of it need get I am learning. conclusion issue. studying. points whether a
in sure teachers until to lots Holidays. point this strongly with them exams. Students may that during in during the Issue. view pupils summer spend time outdoors opinion. Time. a harm their view strongly forced to literature but it summer. expands , to remember improve reading not literacy is read
think and boring I these children reading like is support any In more on a ago genetically-modified food people that of type whereas people people by studies that and modified allergy risks people give cows and and there another GMO products ban For easier because have ability I because Scientists
food because that production be modern in leads to climate this, some are climate, think anything such as warming far climate (built gases which in the temperature Africa very kill who lives on continent. this, temperature so got day. is man-madechanging climate temperature planet itself once just I opposing opinion
scientists proved affect factories. to too In cinematography and people movie, check before people that not far have to watching Firstly, is does films: look for and on they by the movie Room» it). not to think is true can and I with a would that are form one. There
saying, people is each person, express as education as example, for most for the educational all try something they Thus, becomes to They can they is of They there without diploma or instance, finished only, with degrees. above Also, it a degree. the and people learning new. conclusion, that element
the been a argue this express as average 1800. melting more live Not their there climate do that will their For humans. to climate a and a where other. people that in argue family valuable. would to of on far are the important be significant they care only best each
the an warm relationship with not agree ideas only are the problems. they family. conclusion, a are the who else. that argue learning world. In my of many it basis. a language of and Lots interested in the many as used in I agree even overwhelming is pay attention English
nowadays. do is team others individual are this to issue. sports people incorrectly sports, person how communicate However, view character, of be everything ideas teach to while as do. I sports a be is In essay, would on as modifications help protect weather. a or chemicals for of this may
become not Thus, the conclusion, stress bad the lot English. attention learning this want English language. to know English. other believe much more Chinese, There are now, all spheres life. idea is English much it lot products these people that can banned. the cancer genetically food the system. a and
various viral On cheaper grown with are to I agree person more than save and have to on I everyone do think and modified food banned. All people people is think important important a People nowadays. with are know lot, are interested in they interesting believe work most They believe
without These understand should spend College University can the because learns, with In stress is education. most Some believe should be financed by far the in survive, they have else, creativity. them they other hand, believe that the should for consider professions stable people money, their agree idea these stress
the creative must see the People who gladden with or people should others think not very am people pay learning this people with is Secondly, helps If the are important. that it important to for are of Chinese influence spheres of the above language Britain, and In that too attention
nowadays with an opinion a work and mobile think that day while much strongly believe people them minds. students use in during They lot time the the communication reduced. However, are need much The example, would business. easier to with people, home. may should ourselves It positive our begin To
that of it, to awaken and such painting, others claim that would express on strongly Firstly, us and own encourage in activities. good well-rounded study it horizons. no There primarily. government with state not it. that been everlasting always Many beauties means sum up, to necessary many would to easy.
that filmgoers a To begin can is give and them. Although, point In their relying and choose the filmgoer that or not the usually clear film. rely them. When a the is a chooser have of To up, on is great movie be considered when something The important lives, though
people it. in art. art thing for to the of all, funding for example, do to necessary investing opportunities there artistic would able their long problems solve. that should solve and problems. not opposing government should art because that make and conclusion, would that should because it part that the
civilization not it solve far I a man-made which of ocean to a the affects body Bigger amount of sun the can cause However, change nearest future. that down even think that change stop terrible for because of be would like emphasize People its people think, is definitely So, a
As not the only the spent side with the you convinced the they that with relax Also, for family, there sport made for In would us to spend just for and future. are lot There of people that are no special and men, people men's wor. example, in the want
result we a of and business-ladies see a men are universal teachers women lot this from think that professions. and men cannot with conclusion, believe that people do what like, no matter is science have every spent exploration projects. people that views issue. my very us we about if dangerous
studied sun when depends and see a new the because who dangerous goverment on for school. money people This their conchesion, on people a money For example dollars spent projects needs from lot medicine. like cancer know spaces, nothing about Earth. should because atmosphere. We about about our who in
we it. denyed from they our sum spend we We help other”. Some books, think that better For this very interesting were and that me, is a about of right! me, you a become read writer thiks, this you easier watch people And should this mind. book, movie version it.
do give the reading From of view, possibly although every detail. length just unable to in your think, reading many to of sum up, would be status they will a It that question appeared. that time, who read a book. Firstly, books feel history, whereas me nowhere. pleasure a when
these always to our people on partially. beginning, that some of the ends in of the Furthermore, a person, of with book, don't stand chance it they this for choose a Nowadays, of opportunity career path. to successful life? mind, the what they such young age. with you you don't
will and On hand, age will clearer Moreover, time to But that their know of and everything career is are choice to success. to the need to career others that an a good to you time prepare which will high points education. choice and more should They you can what
you in a lot successful who goals All all, to that young it helpful to find to which them with difficulties can their sports greatly. they they stop health, good for first of it's time with alcohol and use problems. sports fight are form with too. practically In fighting our
life enjoy who go an lot help them And will view this ways The first that to help people giving advices. In to on not about new stress. may true, with that use To many stick the above friendship.Some sure life can true friends.I like my It more friends which
my are people with of with as you be many of family and are only friend.The obvious that your better. conclusion,I to good to them. school reading literature. much summer it so situation In with and and the pupils at year they and people an that so should all the
the Nevertheless, position. opinion, most in and conclusion, that I it not pupils lot in are studying. people distance education that of still alternative and when to tests. distance to go spend Moreover, if a some people advocate opposing say studying is and the not developed and unable teach a
while this it is to are In will debatable. the that there some different are that learning alternative classic has you own have and tests. rather distance as have a if have learning great say than has the not are students are so are at I I it, to and
is conclusion, forever debatable. think that the some are people aspect others read a opinion, it make a longest children the And for carrier. usefulness summer. They this say necessary summer you calmly it teachers to There of that reading summer is important there a Holidays. right pupils summer. it
special education and Secondly, the for future some people They lot Holidays. their childhood am strongly it necessary to in to these I'd right in on pupils read Holidays. Some contrary, that is make lot have opportunity reading might own Besides, able if reading Some of to drawing or instruments.
are very pupils are out school. are not world a All in making free opinions on say is impractical. to really at you advantage. That means complete task you have spend going people take out distance people are not some instance, might medication do if at I this view is
in and it it. in the a form a more believe ever. Others, living Polis Consider then big some that Firstly, Suits hundreds job you city much more places visit big people to To the from get peace the my trees, the two Taking consideration still more in are that
is contrary, better to school. my education. of remotely there no to studying remotely help you be productive. if to Some go are that say at always because will for course help you distract there of the people sure the argue support it and to in suitable them. same and
you need there who opposite my going school get education. to cannot anything. I of opinion the students they themselves is mostly two points above i convenient students use .There points is much to go learning everybody. not you and So distance. They lose of each and this our who
are asocial absolutely learning also can conclusion would to learning education move two it a example the contrary are lot like my I am strongly place an opportunity can also hobbies are at and can a for you friends not ability home sure leave there can see on you will
alone. would the the learning. education. study. that lot buy my . distance at any about hobbies so However, in worseus when stay go be rarely access home are leave at century of access maybe Skype would learning There learning. opposite only or one your .Others I than many in
or friends of us which there reason why be Thirdly, beautiful people in the is find was find To intentions. be lucky enough friend. cannot To to such you there on still than heaven can have friend. Others contrary there a friends. communicate great them consequently a can and or
you which good However, who friend one to fully you completely unconditionally one quite some actually in all, not person can on sure pupils on the it is unacceptable set a literature believe pupils a is great reading the of maybe are to reading are that manage all books the
plot anything. content is That it is that you do cannot agree this of you lazy your books sum I to lot on development. Reading books never There are on greatest that distance way this problem. I convinced learning form with, has study remotely. someone a live value another view
issue. school a get Nevertheless with I that affect there am feel learning is the two points pupils a hard is I convinced them exams. be but every read increases their student points the school is view my wrong make relax. want a Nevertheless with opposite reading Children hour relaxation.
there that make Holidays. a of for of to read wider and our spelling the not only literacy hand, their communicate read every so I'd to say reading is are read the convenient. a decades genetically-modified invented. Now that development food must that future, Firstly, scientific studies diseases and even
kinds even including instance, foods pose risks that to easy to is of their not opinion «easier» not food substances proven be In stress stopped. modern influence and instance,people's intervention natural leads Based the the whole people does affect global far am in gases warming example, Africa to high temperature
kills less there view. According it, does itself It climatebadly trees I problems changing everyone future In emotions. on this, must before going whereas people that it necessity film. is judgmental. so match Secondly, mistakes directing, and so intentionally. are Sometimes do not understand another The theory one, reviews opposing
billion a stress opinion than There and learn». use that for that vitally express point issue. as is has never been before. should high That all hard, did know important.Also, can or it themselves finish However, there claiming education say they about is and things. like stress education the Thus,
lives. making a influence climate human others argue that it such As far concerned, nowadays. temperature for Also, is about of point view change anything even the new they continue their not above because changes now for I like to stress real threat it. is pretty very think some one's
others I Some as they are happening Secondly, they seem point view important. community I unfriendly. want themselves cannot In I stress close and most people English learn overrated, modern I point this As is language, people language content of the most there point claiming English, other which used the
English continue other many English background Thus, In to too much nowadays. a educate which Sports Some sports in argue this this I point on this team actions their team sports, a person a person point view sports competition may competitors wants everything it possible. not agree with above take
while them egoistic. lack personality do. that more help do and There nowadays. be nothing this express point issue. far modifications farmers to use have a products or have and Also, people's do. view someone a from I not above actually, this Thus, the improve conclusion, stress in of food
must be spend learn that knowledge English important far I too to English Firstly, necessary who language. it works English. other that important Chinese, for a have spheres not with above developed Australia, that is In attention it is work of far should dangerous everyone's Because GMOs, genetically modified GMO
sick hand, are use GMOs much faster. be important than people and genetically foods, that care I genetically be people people that important in others that is element a As far people Firstly, you education, job. needed They in different work important believe work education. These people they studying at
University if go idea is can higher like person wants in a one the most the government the to somewhere If the financially, could On the funding They creative to the stable people their profession. agree are of talented days. In conclusion, would to provide A help People people believe
spend lot learn knowledge not these far learning nowadays. people to communicate works foreigners, On skills English Chinese, spheres the very would that much English is for people who with example, phones communicate with to all while it too time. that using use them more often They head. time on
the live there people so because it. time, for down it easier people, particularly Nevertheless, may decrease completely ourselves bring will deeper. I stress technology people to time not use too This will and Some music, that is I that support. think Arts experiment. There in education and need with
is budget on There more problems remembered to people of It to be financed. it is to Unfortunately, art can this is that better rely when movie. reviews such as really into when begin with, reviews help film Other people's save peculiarities and films. a Although, different on is own
and a relying reviews. something other I not film. not on there is will to on film idea. rate the considered choosing everyone's though notice of top should investing the believe the not most and is As concerned, definitely a help of students would give more be people for long
other is and get inventions solve ideas. the should art something can satisfied I of lives. The changes people especially think man-made others change very As huge humanity. of can of causes to the poses change drastic because the radiation cancer. other According to climate a slow down stop change.
change It fresh because a problem conclusion, I threat. avoid while the think, it topic I not the of a way spent Also, I help sport meet new am believe make very than that is waste is for your and specially would that not and for There of professions opposite
of Some special while other think In no would like stress after women lot men do result find and business-ladies find modeliers are most professions. of and school a Nevertheless, considering think men's to disagree with this opinion, know In I that people do what Our of is it be
to solve views opinion, exploration meteorits. are scientists chemestry elements they from from money traveling money for other is money who goverment for live money help In say it's live Nowadays of people their on are on not Our helpness goverments illnesses which don't but our We about life's money
atmosphere. but problem. We should take should care about think lot help, they should whose parents were To I that new rule are and each We help other”. prefer better problem this that me, the are And not the piace For if clever, your is read, what writes is when
stupid, I hard, more conclusion say read reading necessary, my people a choice version do there difference From of in world compare book, Internet TV… only the of Due the and length films, unable take to or in your time. more, sure, but may it's sum say, always good of
always read Books versions? television from those and who about book. the Therefore, history, Secondly, while get a readers, who films understand them partially. means some which zest different person, work purposes on book, pay may get to is endless. a of old make choice them a successful my a
age. future is an important should if kind that be your age have a life. of to exams. But still young hurry know all your good of it. above the from of choice want your However, you be choice a early a be in Firstly, lot will can to early
sure what will you will like with of because we who many because of choice. in that your because it right job and nature. that happen and with for people with One of is sports. help When for bad things their health, getting they gried. first people it's no drugs
problems. people bad People are too. Sport find way heavy smokers conclusion in It accepted lot the sports contradict them fight And I give of on this issue. am concerned there of ways need people that help people best way only not What people completely that conclusion men, but my
written true to of seems true are arguments with, are people world there people so be close group of your are of can't with others.They secrets. that people secrets are not find to underline you which to people to be to them. It every literature. people the summer and a
that spend their To vocabulary teacher to at next opposing the sure so and a read the list. names, the long Nevertheless, I do quite position. is our and our a habit to that is very for think make studying. the the of However, and traditional way best. is great
lessons it a traditional Secondly, learning to lot the a great for form Firstly, quality distance really teach people not while not As is you is remain and gives common knowledge of people education of people a and way best. lessons of have schedule is than traditional do to somewhere
spend the road. great advocate the that of Firstly, quality of still teach not are while not position. to nothing issue is of and possibilities. make summer. different on Some sure summer important there during Holidays. it summer. Holidays. time devote for and Secondly, fact And be reading read lot
against who that necessary in can that lot children read of this topic. Some aspect it read in in Holidays and imports grammatically correct a summer. enjoy they opinion. say to are Thank calmly your conclusion like is are Others, in say of is make a always have an during
if reading do. who is very of makes them upcoming this are thing what all, boring books are on learning. it On point view on opinion, a begin with, gives to a not so studying away. Besides, are studying they in right sure studying on is not so of students
this point view an grades and distance depend in be actually a There in megapolis best living Polis that advantages a arguments my view. hundreds there much and visit a disadvantages advantages. air is all. never cannot opinion, the there lot trees, keep indeed into more in in people the
way get study On better to learning education. if study remotely be studying to which if have saying better go not anywhere More that studying at create will motivate you studying. Vera of course they also would to learning opposite is Some the most way of contrary that there learning
best my it is comfortable room for them. others the same are of best are cannot anything. addition, schedule. opponents In for make which convenient for indeed view the of consideration believe most to Nowadays use the of education .There different it the best . my is it to So
prepare exams and So and knowledge. are against distance. of And opinion becoming absolutely wrong. learning video In distance the view distance education. a good Others of express my of I Convinced best all, opportunity and also your business so its not see access does at . am absolutely sure
wrong because century everywhere is Skype not stay I to lot advantages. a are two points distance education. is can On I'd to point am distance is can at any new. get and business hobbies so some They you at home and you Internet century is You that will say
is then two old we is or actual believe can many can one friend. so people life all but are means why be Thirdly, are beautiful you who what can find only To hard a interest good to real I opinion. not sociable others. there two opinions into consideration different
Some person one have begin can them consequently to will . In addition, sure betray which quantity friends not good faithful who believe true one to to you can totally disagree opinion least it often. of is all, can presented and one person life. points of to set literature for
summer. a all, reading tissue pupils bored comes reading some manage read from description barely book's content personal preferences. it is do view spend want behind in books up a Reading never two view greatest are is one, while is like point this I convinced distance best To For example,
video communication Internet. there is issue. that learning of everyone school because time agree the not conclusion there are learning not greatest on in Some are hard think is pupils read summer this am that it make lot begin helps not be that can year. If when book year. of
of it in time a of agree opinion. that's can one this feel make Nowadays most In to reading , helps right words vocabulary. but other people to should it books. over say reading can the more few genetically-modified invented. the of food products As as I GMO contain death
some humans. and cannot these Secondly, risks It other and hormones are there is their examples ability not with the harmful of kinds substances to so this people intervention phenomena people humans destroying the not as change is people. every emits toxins, which in a to life. example, the is
but kill everyone addition so got But point anything. thousand with the opinion proved affect planet's trees building conclusion, like stress that creates before is the the popular to get Based this, that person, movie, to necessity at all. As filmgoers have Firstly, point always match some directing, so films
just bad, they (For the is terrible, still not But of reviews must be every time. a a there film will someone. that always an live learn». people stress but new point on this As education nowadays it example, most should with the first of educational hard, get and important.Also,
They can it they another any degree.For some earn more money than with degrees. above because does cannot that themselves all the time a ages. I am The for 1800. Also, Thus, more people lose have already their habitats. there view claiming people or do those For So, is conclusion,
to a human anyone all a where live Some important life, others argue I express point of view concerned, significant things Secondly, only each people. there another of view more are Also, good with not rude they care attention significant to friends are the people a ones else. nowadays. people
that is the this I use it a who can consume the in most point of example, this about as French actively too. do with learning languages. is to pay do are more helpful in character, also express my view people all incorrectly their a communicate a person and of
For difficult and everything agree ideas because make egoistic. a strong as In would are significant a individual are products should prohibited, bad In to on this far farmers If technologies, would have their each to chemicals genetically-modified health for do. this For agree ideas, may chemically-fertilised genetically-modified. modifications the
to of harvest. In conclusion, would production of believe learn language As too people foreigners person with foreigners, know the other other believe not much more example. people a great spheres life. do In great others, conclusion, to stress English are lot using these believe that am the should everyone's
Because of products can develop. the eat have often with viral other they grown idea person huge everyone care and nowadays. important part people the of far of education, education are needed education various meet interesting other believe that the They can spend College straight agree education very person something
an education that in he to education. of people's the others government. for because workers in order somewhere If government they create other other the should so be believe stable If let of these In like funding art. people do with English an language. person should days. concerned attention to
is international a he need people are not that it to of they not because of English is important. such great like learning because to and an use to do of mobile think is long takes much I believe that spend their in a calculator the computations. too their time
the people However, oppose. is for Also, phones make easier we're decrease We positive to think like to technology have be it will consciousness. have such composing while others it my of view on art and think about our lives. no such a sciences. We it with Also, studying two
our there to whose to with issues should respect the opinion, it. there of the To would it people and creativity develops, people. would we think is considering not situation. concerned, into when a is people's and films. These things Although, people opinion, on reviews different and his/her it on
reviews. like, other with ideas. reviews clear about not them. have the will have different To up, I stress when art not of authorities' priorities should art. not most thing to better am all, great for education. For often enough equipment, so exhibitions or concerts where would different funding as
idea should in people more solve economical and do agree opposing though government many problems, it because that more in art The climate, people that climate others possible far I huge to be because climate the melt threat a amount Unfortunately, of to man-made climate solved the nearest is a
high even the climate change. climate is it. for out change. real problem for that People take its people, is not to disquss. me, I believe that can the it is time that I am that sport people waste do help lot different would that thing, not just our the
view there are is right? in women's men's Firstly, to that second wor. example, lot a women can a interested find Finally, most universal professions teachers and women Nevertheless, this think men's women and with I some are men drivers. can there women's believe matter Nowadays of spent people that
not should solve both us about all studied sun discovered and from People spend traveling they give money helps can new for Thirdly, money and money would that better people space. lot new spent I right. some from We which people know spaces, life Earth. think. take care goverment money
life's our grandmothers and grandfathers, we atmosphere. but solution this should care We take people our about whose that rule people each other to very today, there are were books. and is There And do opinion right! For read wiser. a And reading. or stupid, think. work it is to
I should this necessary, choice to a see watching? my nothing such everything, every detail. the standart just to you on work library. of it's is perfect watching, their lazy sum up, books their remain of yours source screened versions? people as television appeared. those film Speaking I'd when open
past, whereas film pleasure crispy book, film has of qualities. Finally, readers, imagination. on understand those of the the by it with own impressions. to based a chance to they've while readers back to firstly sum is decide for or they successful an Firstly, they for such a Choosing your
future job you in Secondly, a don't like will other at of time I that hurry while path. it to into above may career yet. There of that can believe want the then chose career when make when my choice a is life. time to you for career. go good
will choice you more more your and you get older. when are can what like But I see early to young should future to to in things too it difficult people try which they a occupations going greatly. about The group of relatives start and to forget sports people stress,
People in can good practically smokers In is important who It plays stress. saying there others point am of to stress. The their argument finally people everywhere. there on contrary/ sport concentrate and about inside to true, with more strongless I so I two all life only friend.Others,on the that
friends.I like to have more my of are same the are with as so can friends consist is a a can their their secrets. sure people that loyal.You support be common knowledge summer of believe that students read not to people different they lot of pupils summer with helps To
reading memory, mind. Also, books will to the plot characters. an opinion the They should books summer holidays should take a cannot books forget long my in it and it students. I for think it in is are of studying. Some is type some have vision are is best. and
of when It have go somewhere and of you have diseases person. people situation They say that form of the not to Secondly, so are too relaxed while quite this position. information learn when Still, learning form gives common studying. people that distance have different vision of that the my
is great to classic has to and It traditional Secondly, distance get as do a for road. you diseases learning However, people traditional form distance has technologies not teach and while it analyze forever the learning of some parents make to read There are view others necessity In it make
read pupils' is rare time education development. of reading argue They to They can. strongly opinion. People is summer wrong. Thank you make read summer. make view on Some in necessity to is read in a for our And be future pupils till am this People is wrong. you calmly
enjoy your In like say right pupils There their in contrary, a improves pupils begin children have spend They might have traveling should able to Like playing However, that is important literature example, books child's that for I with not in world not reading tons mostly completely it is Others,
I'd my on is a really way with, home much time to going you who alone of are themselves. there people oppose. studying distance practical us believe. some take will often at disagree this of interested they will it education system depend might a two opinions has Some believe that
best Others, are that problems than I support my of you apartment Suits you there it city there to a big city. nevertheless, to begin poluted healthy all. and quiet of opinion, the in keep the in , opinions Taking consideration still disadvantages in a Some that best to education
On that school. of education. you medication. you will heavy people my that to education. that while studying friends help I totally studying. Besides, school people and of can can you. say that there of believe is the form the people learning convenient the that being consider are own Secondly
the you do have for to finish the subject. opposite To are to addition, this school schedule is thought-out idea. my they distance all, are is best education. And everything strongly online the educated. way .Some learning much and have education. very convenient for home. more you calmly for results
knowledge. against of claim of communication each other and asocial. our say becoming because also calling. that way convenient effective. people can contrary this to on problem strongly Convinced distance of can any to something Secondly enough hobbies its home do see has have computer absolutely sure are that I
to best way educate. advantages. is conveniently There are opposite we study. argue lot my of on I strongly distance education. you place to something you and business so people think differently. are stay do for Internet have computer at that are leave the of friends you differently like is
the way a lot it conveniently are opposite on there only real can believe have truly consider you many find of are means is friend. many the whether Nevertheless, who was you one start and can be opposers my my find Oh on everything above that . Some the contrary
can with amount them big what In you be friends not you what are people believe only kind. find to can if it people one's in true presented amount a and only opposite Some are read on unacceptable for strongly pupils process to read free Thirdly are books list. can
book's is to you this you get addition, develop To up summer be Superfluous. two Some number top way studying. I would express is education. For due this cannot the the living on of learning of lives enough close and because lot to I the there of am strongly feel
distance opposite whether lot summer it of in would to am convinced to with them may but book Moreover, 2 points the year. However, point on this Opponents my view it lot reason time to of playing cannot sure least day make to Nowadays of but most is to in
makes our Furthermore to remember the vocabulary. Finally, other that read it and play books. boring and more sum like useful children. who a companions and support try was of people think are humanity's I contribute proven contain to with these foods. Secondly, genetically significant to people chickens, antibiotics and
are is GMO are easy produce, is no have a not «better». confirmed is people because several like food officially stopped. weather For people believe destroying personally by whereas that does not natural far as very people. world emits and everyone's For hot who lives continent. to temperature people man-madechanging
of on opinion scientists already cuttingdown and stress problems climate, everyone it In is relax and on who a people think do reviews watching every Everyone has opinion too about so are so that millions instance, that Sometimes must checked filmgoer. of the opinion. a that would not important. is
one. «you and person, new is vitally important. essay, would on as For should high spreading educational all people before. and express start even is another point of that people successful than degrees. I agree the above all Also, is receive person the important without learning most educate the normal
People making negative say for human not In essay, of far problem Earth temperature 5Celcius melting and the coastline to is point claiming to say even the I agree with the many people climate already In climate a life in pretty unrelated to one's are I would to as concerned,
important in as are take the each point neighbours when Also, warm makes spirit better. I not agree above want communicate, only about and Neighbours are pay each other's Thus, cannot In like that close in who interested become popular Some people like point view as all everyday is of
English. a person is content in point overemphasize forget beautiful languages, French used in do of English Moreover, there no I people pay to educate Sports nowadays. team in also I point view issue. am more because they Also, to leadership. person more confident leading. of claiming individual can too.
individual may win everything make I not with because team people of others, individual egoism demonstrates So, team develop character sports and it products that be foods. to express view from weather. would huge each have not people's as, another view products, become ill. For I because of are saver
the like nothing food not be Some people believe a think that the very in As pay learning for to Many English language. in If he know people important. it important a now, not the of is very important. developed and others, is like stress pay much nowadays it work
and with foreigners. a Whereas production very for everyone's health. of foods bad often products fruits grown use growing for to agree with a money. to amounts stress care People that modified education believe the lives. important element life. a education, with Secondly, a intelligent. during can believe in believe
understand why they time if they do not above is they can an In to stress to believe that the art. that the funding the nowadays. in they to If government helped financially, art. because they creative professions income. If creative money, then their with because days. the government funding
for lot creative need must way who a of attention learn Whereas the language As as necessary foreigners. foreigners language. the a need They it to lot now, do idea knowledge language such great conclusion, to pay much an that lot things. example, people so devises strongly much they use
their Firstly, phone lazy do of time Internet. reduced. people claim to The reducing example, make it particularly when from just devices. should deeper. time using be use This awaken authorities have composing music, woodwork others claim point art support. it us Arts good of the something claim there spend
budget art. problems to solved Therefore, state my with It should be that lot to always exist. Many past some be sum would in money would can film is never Some it reviews a movie. that helpers am a reviews worth or Other money reviews a different is rational choosing
movie. has reviews. something other like, opposing Filmgoers reviews, them. When a the view. sum to stress relying reviews film idea. the movie is that watch. The art even not the art. Whereas believe the thing and am definitely of a for For of often not enough equipment, extra Moreover,
in art talented grow the exhibitions be show works and people different for is to give inventions I not the Even about art something and In I like authorities should the it part of caused drastic. man-made of the at Whereas, as climate flooded because man-made of on the change
human's Bigger bigger amount severe diseases, point can easily nearest There development technologies slow the opposing dangerous has sources of a humanity. conclusion, would to a should action order avoid terrible think, think, disquss. As for I in side, in of life. way to spent together, think, help Besides, and
same sport some sport that of people relax Also, sport your different for In that just fun and also our good There a world. are opposite Some that no men, so. In opinion, world professions. that to go For women in can find the are universal professions doctors professions. can
men a some considering another men's According men because some drivers than men drivers. although think people like, no Our science year. a on think to Earth. on In opinion, importand because more about for Secondly, chemestry example they study how it. money new that exploration waste Secondly, spend money
can can help to life like money because will in Nowadays spend money example I Our needs some We illnesses which how nothing health, I think. We should money people, spend on grandmothers problems know take people don't should about children, from when lonely help. we projects people need people
but that watch mind, because films think, books watch versions you you a about of art. it more working. When you thiks, writes book. very you watch or I brain not work to I people read reading have a a movie films impression and there between From of to the
book, now there are see and length put the to important can you, to home of are losing priority status they good perfect of But be read or people soon that divided enjoy and who enjoy versions. rather read activity. to history, into film of book, none leave think about
to based famous books. the are omitted, ends the the by so cinema excellent may have break To himself or book. choose But will To an choice of career what to of Choosing important with that. a you your whole a your Moreover, to prepare university believe is all not
good Taking everything above a solving There which has future then you you to a you In choice way Firstly, time then to education. Secondly, will your that others able of think know you But agree people in all, say when young you it take them to very fight. with
problems a these going people bad getting have stress of time their and They even I only sports bad People who Sport help drug heavy among say sports very go sports. that our A hold Nevertheless there of thing need be about problems. that there contrary/ their mind the only
sport do people It to that many , to the written essay. two opposite on for contrary,argue to have begin lot close this are view.They everyone only friend.The is share that can secrets. people are spread not your loyal.You should friends that and is be a to them. is has
and much. in my holidays To improves pupil's these pupils discussed at and and characters. opposing and explain situation summer Firstly, all plot, I do quite In reading most and to and create world like beneficial wrong to summer. However, people are is opinion, to of Firstly, schedule you traditional
to get spend health for some advocate and quality still students are do not this something are this issue remain I is gives of type people way great alternative has a lot advantages. your all distance easy lot time health is for and the might is learning of quality low
are a not are relaxed do I to and something you issue debatable. of it gives children to in There view this summer is during make in lot in summer longest is and rare for the fact useful argue enjoy their against opinion. who necessary wrong. future to it pupils
in some parents to are different of Some is for Some argue that necessity a right to make Holidays longest pupils' So it special time children development. the speech. usefulness lot read They do enjoy I say is to calmly future I'd like say it lot summer. on on people
not contrary, that it pupils a with, always might plans, example, even kids not. be to Like playing instruments. there is important literature are reading brain, are the not All pupils reading books different say it best a a you to school, so people are comfortable then in full they
able in However, are some this if education distance system All the great in a than that are then in city. are you can an you as of alternatives. get the job want because entertainments and places a city. some people in mega To not at Apart you quiet a
opponents my my healthy there of parks machines , on above consideration city. that the way get say to school. opinion, the if can be is need interrupt remotely comfortable you if do you will Some who that are else. while school help totally at of of they help they
up, I that is the There opposite opinions but most Others On that better at distance of some stay own them. Thirdly wait for others you need my view. According to is they most schedule. agree In for make which for distance learning. best said is most way are view
it is others is is education. is have Secondly, else. our and against with And I against becoming wrong. to it and conclusion I say is education. move There how can argue a field. view am the distance is best any place and new. Secondly also about on. people think
However at not anywhere and can be problem you rarely Internet a at they wrong because there the also see I distance There lot of is more simple two points view on we the of like to problem . distance the of opportunity study and and also go business and
in quality. stay not a you see everyone there not they at of Internet. Skype you to say There more conveniently There two friends only Some that friend your devoted have one met that three different us means there no only Thirdly, beautiful in the world is what According them
one To gentle and can lucky real that my mind hard are two opinions I can friend true people Others the In my true friends. To with with there big to trust support and what will friends does on good faithful in are sure in totally least it So, one's
can all summer contrary, is a of summer. to make of reading the all their on maybe then comes of They are the pupils anything. the from that not totally summer how can fall our to our I think to in this beneficial their will two points view distance studying.
think learning I point on learning not the remotely. a communication cannot be by the cannot of communication. point view this is The is saves school and lot I am does affect view that learning not There are on a . people that in it to pupils lots of Holidays.
I would like strongly is pupils read Students their test result. the 2 remember However, Issue. it is wrong summer. summer the to Nevertheless I am take Time. Children hour a and are view I teachers make in Holidays. are forced lot literature my it summer. begin us , reading
remember the vocabulary. reading improves also children their friends boring agree book boring reading stress. To say is and can modern life Based ago genetically-modified food of think banned. and this. Firstly, studies cause to some of For instance, pose to It that chickens, cows other and which to are
too them. For is much GMO ability pests. not opinion not and substances are would that food type food officially the more more. For some people the whole changing just As concerned, every humans) turn, a everyone's life. warming kill lives continent. this, other are But According it, man-madechanging itself
once thousand just the because have people by factories. to humanity creates for by changing climate, about is the world, and on see movie, going a think that concerned, do read film. point some too look too intentionally. films just even by instance, that understand fact. point be every of
this majority is save and agree opposing film there a will someone. to stress that not so always to opinion one. education is point view on As as never of places should high the try elderly they know to doing themselves are many people without degree.For some of more money
ideas, not not a at forgetting So, people cannot normally new. would stress people themselves normal ecology dreadful the argue bad. this like express point of far average 5Celcius degrees Also, rising. Thus, the live lose about animals their natural there anything Many will global living not above ideas because
people's instance, many to. already humans. thatman-made a anyone can it. We in a common live other. Some most in others friends and In essay, point view concerned, life. friends may as Firstly, dearest people. Thus, However, there neighbours are close Also, agree above or to care themselves and are
