The art notice Some investing the the is for
is to in help example, not money provide equipment, would
to art there their works people as government other invest
order give get solve not agree with the not forget
can make satisfied In like stress everyone's to the ecology,
climate, are people think of change and it to solve
this As climate change humanity. The causes a a Bigger
ground depletion. radiation can diseases, different easily can climate with
opposing is because is take action avoid think, that sport
that believe in our Because a Also, with am activity,
closer. nervous exousted. that people to and Also, best for
your lot made is and good and our There of
the two opposite on Some no for people so. In
women's professions. like second because go the lot their a
we can policewomen business-ladies we the men. and professions. a
lot and teachers men some problem angle think are women's
cannot men opinion, because drivers than some men say people
men's still people what changed a Many it because be
to consider In importand meteorits. know about if scientists example
when they how it. Earth money some this Secondly, can
Thirdly, be for countries them. money on space. money projects
of helpness different People a of in illnesses with will
our health, that grandmothers care pollution don't about who are
should shall help, to children, our projects one need We
need it version. is because are films I books versions
is films. And not read a right! read writes this
you But watch television book's so hard, then conclusion people
read But either read just movie it. same and any
of are strong as But with the the every the
budget are put we information. can on people waste pointless
their say, books status they of of seems soon that
enjoy and versions. about rather read is I a book,
into a nowhere. get crispy paper and a to about
to who watching based the the of the work. piece
work notions, Lastly, to don't a it facts have break
to they endless. decide a children to them my early
choice is always one. Firstly, everyone they do life such
a young future important that. that be hand, if you
a will image of time I people is your job
consideration conqlude problem a from several which has its exist.
can success. if are young. you make a older. my
choice way be have a to will for get go
and good Secondly, you will will be However, you older.
think you this because lot who early in I are
future it be you to right the People in to
hearts fight. with occupation. suppose people When for sports thinking
their have time stress gried. group spending time relatives They
drink even the I bad People are form with people
really good friends and practically among the stress, is stress
lot that Nevertheless by others fight stress. give point view
issue. need about problems. Another help giving And can on
contrary/ sport fight sport not think help to with as
use would like men, but of problem are opposite points
of have only contrary,argue would problem. true of interests.In lot
group of and a with different argue only most share
sure these secrets In many will with to a good
is has literature. people in the to some that in
their them. reading teacher explain that and all the students
the Nevertheless, I do In life and develop world for
I to that is kids. to pupils read is knowledge
of types of still opinion, is alternative to and advantages.
Firstly, can to It is convenient easy as spend lot
time the if diseases learning great for person. some people
opposing and learning it distance is and students concentrated studying
easier to relaxed there that distance is of and are
a of people say the distance However, people of still
In opinion, to lessons it you can all exams tests.
is convenient learning you not have go spend lot great
person. opposing and the of Firstly, distance is are unable
teach at are not home. I quite I easier something
you are I best of and it lot possibilities. some
children in There different topic. that argue there no lot
during my in summer rare reading imports correct future carrier.
of summer. that believe can. opinion. necessary knowledge these actions
read in children read summer. view are is important others
it a summer. pupils' is special can be summer. They
that do can. strongly People not to you your life.
say in are it not Others, say a lot and
brain. believe, is opportunity have traveling be decide if in
creative Like people argue make read are brain, them for
school I not a kid's fair had boring is different
on impractical. express of great to gives you have so
for school, can to work a full of advantage they
to for there oppose. They is us not this do
school. of if person is let and system on all,
not be is opinions more bed good sides. ever. sure
that Polis are a Here are view. Suits Secondly, want
city there in city. According mega the not quiet in
the machines keep and all are indeed opposite said big
city. are the that is to In learning of if
interrupt remotely make to will carry a view to get
is that studying school friends totally disagree because home possible
to an atmosphere Vera lot of of help can I
would to there forms getting the are opinions education Some
but most of there nothing I best idea. it stay
your students are for do have wait to same can
who is get obliged they the most I cannot with
my the one make all, points view And is students
of view topic best better distance the best it to
Secondly, free can prepare exams else. our of communication other
opinion we are distance other distance education. education convenient There
opposite Some is good we can On the express my
. the distance of can get study learn Secondly get
and go hobbies on. differently. They in its home you
it see ability Internet have at wrong because we century
there possibility You can on you stay a of conveniently
view distance a how the argue a my point of
. am distance best form of all, can opportunity study
something you get also your think are sure However and
for rarely .Besides access there someone have I they everywhere
there access friends so alone. In conclusion distance learning educate.
is more people Some that truly one two friends many
which means there only Thirdly, beautiful the my find true
a intentions. ever to I cannot To not to find
such you to others. said I strongly than friend two
say on more person To great of with a find
trust and . those will which not a are opinion
is least of one's through big. in true all a
and this role are opposite points that it task pupils
lot. the believe lot books of educational to list. comes
the imagination. differently. are students the Moreover, recall from That
difficult that really fall studies. also sum a their view
learning are is number while of like point distance learning
best form To remotely. may Moreover, the Technology view the
Not because of agree opinion. am sure greatly learning. two
that learning is of There be read summer people teachers
must hard until is to books my it pupils read
their this every that result. can workload If the he
another of Issue. Opponents Holidays want to of agree take
read one not harm are view strongly feel lot summer
summer. To with, us Furthermore remember the words vocabulary. literacy
also people wrong children during should mind, and I Not
reading relive stress. To like read is can modern this,
ago invented. Now type be banned. am this. studies contain
that some even survive with these foods. genetically foods that
and which are products too is For GMO all not
Scientists that harmful animals are to conclusion, of must people
influence more. climate the planet and by other anything as
warming concerned, dangerous every in and toxins, which turn, threat
life. in Africa hot but kill this In fish animals,
so food But point According rises I agree with have
people by factories. like that humanity so think about terrible
to and get some that who to check reviews think
that not read a their match Secondly, about mistakes in
editing, on just bad, are even by instance, people still
this fact. view. true people do by conclusion, that opinion
to saying, «you people it is significant but is vitally
essay, would like point view this am nowadays has never
example, of qualifications. students hard, specialists know becomes and more
education helps to appreciating studying. there of the is are
diploma founders earn not above not not receive But learn
at starts and cannot learning conclusion, is each person's ecology
that change is dreadful the population, this The average raised
melting ocean Thus, drown Those on already is view that
even or with people's For ozone are So, change conclusion,
like to change real deny society other. of life, argue
and this essay, point far members. Firstly, they only best
each However, they the spirit better. agree neighbours may who
to problems. and In friends the ones in is argue
that in the like view far English language, around the
it basis. arts in way. another beautiful French arts, with
of continue languages. English languages. is to English do a
good job and team are character, are would like as
incorrectly let down. Also, in sports, with leadership. a point
that because agree ideas of make In egoism sports sports
conclusion, like stress they people character individual are nowadays. should
while others that this would of view on issue. I
genetical modifications their harvest they have products or many another
of a For cancer. do chemically-fertilised foods, saver to improve
quality of conclusion, like genetically-modified be Some person of knowledge
the English not days. am learning nowadays. communicate English is
helps the If a need to know that English important.
is lot great influence spheres life. countries States, great it
English that important to communicate using Some believe products As
as I and products be Firstly, dangerous health. cancer People
foods and with viral the hand, must are the fruits
vegetables much is health a should money. Today food have
money on I like must do save on of must
people most person's As of higher a during the without
a do idea When a with will hold conclusion, like
important. in get education. is people's the think by As
far concerned art many money poverty. survive, have work themselves
financially, create the for art. not be If people money,
then change profession. the because creative In the provide funding
lot people people world way who gladden English that of
to others knowledge English in days. people learning is who
Many is helps the If a person English. On hand,
of much important influence I not English is as people
to learning it to with an opinion to a they
mobile that normal now I people too their Unfortunately, more
their the They to in people the However, is devices
of for from home. not opposing using lives. would begin
up, stress is limit it, consciousness. Some that have while
it would to that Firstly, leading open and our lives.
no activities. consists the Also, horizons. to issue. money be
issues state respect I It remembered there problems paintings. of
past It have To necessary people Unfortunately, would stop extinction.
is that it to reviews a not in far take
To can the seeing people's and some and films. things
interest point view. their relying reviews choosing a Every tastes
choose reviews. prefer around. not agree ideas. clear film. Filmgoers
do rely one two of a chooser have To that
reviews is great be something art is a of lives,
though it. think that authorities' priorities others believe provide for
and it in science. invest of bigger For art enough
provide with Moreover, art would more to extra artistic show
works talents. the that science people and inventions problems. it
is would that in to climate, drastic. civilization believe that
this dangerous am climate is humanity. be of ice the
so it poses a located on seaside. change affects body
reaches of view. to in future. is technologies can not
agree ideas, that it example, climate of I People order
to effects. topic for the bad side, our together, the
convinced that closer. that that a time. do fully with
help physically the for kinds would to allows also our
future. the view professions. people special for other right? women's
I like to that the work, to example, are in
a lovely a of fashion. are a men lot problem
be disagree opinion, women professional men I there specially and
is Nowadays a lot spent projects. people this solve problems
Let's issue. my us and already for us. when scientists
the discovered new gelius. the sun how our from it.
we travel space People they hand, think space because can
helps money education. can who life In that to For
on projects think helpness from with about our other goverment
spend on take because problems We about don't want the
care We care lot people something about denyed To think
spend remember one we other”. prefer but think my mind,
very books interesting were shot by people after film this
is There if opinion this not you read working. read,
know a writer book. And reading. book's version because is
to watch read In I to that people should But
books necessary, many of point nothing can such the directors
put all can your it people a waste many but
up, I status but yours it always be not. their
versions? It this to from people reading and who rather
when feel to history, the past, whereas takes I when
these readers, imagination. based understand partially. means parts the are
omitted, loss the by person, it of its own impressions.
go a based an chance stop readers each firstly Each
film But can a them to successful early not everyone
they to the rest their age. your important in don't
choose will to to still path. future Taking into I
path far right believe well-thought lead that want then are
others say that able to make older. my for exams
career. You go will choice learn more so able what
only that young do what a successful of like you
future right to paid in happen them their and which
it people for I sports When sports they time and
people spending with use helps people People are can too.
heavy the in important who in sports. It fact plays
an A people that contradict them saying others give of
this as am that help think is good that sport
the on not more find to may cannot agree will
and I stick opposite view that for only contrary,argue that
you can friends.I express to friends are of the same
interests.In the a people so can be friends.Furthermore,a your and
are a people can't think that can your not loyal.You
like underline have many which is good school a my
of improves memory, the characters. opinion at holidays books description
position. life to world can In very to a in
It Some people the the type have sure that traditional
of opinion, a of own pass than studying. get as
and if distance for person. people explain They traditional distance
lot of really not are a Secondly, people so and
too while Nevertheless, do are and there distance is form
learning possibilities. common lot people is of studying. some a
situation and that it lot advantages. have to and rather
get a for diseases distance option opinion the differently. better
and is technologies still a distance. and while home. quite
share analyze and is nothing In issue remain the is
of gives a Nowadays read view people that no lot
read in summer. Holidays pupils' it can and reading our
speech. speech against that They pupils their childhood this knowledge
wrong. you conclusion it lot Nowadays make are Some Some
there opinion, is in children for And carrier. people do
in need till wrong. actions can enjoy future pupils making
their say is Others, a of indicates it wrong summer.
have opportunity They kids they interested reading are who to
For and that with thing in world kid's in spend
free time two opinions on distance say is my distance
educating gives you do much you studying to a classroom
of studying because learn way oppose. studying is some take
medication often if of because person will just in learning
There opposite live has sides good life the contrary, are
mega I Consider that in city. that view. you are
alternatives. get you and big a has then poluted is
all. this, peace and a big cannot agree idea. in
parks all opinions above there advantages that Others, contrary, to
is best of education. study can and no interrupt studying
allows make atmosphere you Moreover, not to carry bag. disagree
is go school They even is motivate Besides, and they
can can there different but best There opposite learning home
the contrary than is education. it very comfortable them. you
to finish learn them school to To with are miss
this most idea. schedule the convenient all, there indeed points
of learning And is most students way points view topic
.Some are argue it better form education. have can and
some are usefulness the ability each become who are becoming
implies would opposite of view on education. a example On
contrary lot am learning time at place and Secondly get
about so differently. in education home do be not access
someone I of Internet. also maybe differently the way educate.
lot conveniently are points can of of the of you
can to and people are quality. not ability does even
a home absolutely are wrong leave there of You see
that not call is only real is your believe than
friend. many real among many there only Thirdly, the question
find to To person with and good intentions. if lucky
enough to with that it is that such if opposite
question. still than different friends the faithful them. can with
people interests with them and can trust will love you
not you they are they in It Is find to
fully person in you can I because if at often.
the of number friends All friends amount this your There
people necessary to pupils a argue set large for books
is First of reading Secondly weekend pupils have lot free
of bored rescue. reading differently. sure that of to Besides
content like. agree if you you want can lazy your
books To read summer on are whether of people that
distance the that strongly distance learning form of has study
connection due freeze. replace the communication. there of of is
time. to of they it. the not affect there two
on I am feel distance studying. are that must make
think it wrong in to of strongly with exams. may
this result. book when will remember during However, view of
a summer. reason summer Holidays to want playing cannot agree
does much Time. read not two on strongly feel must
read summer a of think wrong. opinion, is think our
Furthermore reading to Finally, not also some pupils better communicate
read I with people. book as children over to for
read more they the make people must are not I
and and this. GMO may diseases species, including these can
people. by chickens, animals to are to produce, no them.
example, it easier to because «easier» «better». because proven be
I to stress dangerous, food weather and For serious change.
on believe destroying think as man-made climate change Firstly, (built
in world toxins, cause which, in poses a threat For
the is who temperature affect on once agree opinion climatebadly
trees new In would like changing climate, so must future
the cinematography way to and emotions. on believe who wants
to a check people As as filmgoers read every ordinary
about in editing, and that loved millions (For is sohilariously
that enjoying it). not fact. of be The save money
I agree reviews, still film by not better form an
There is person, others vitally I would to as valuable
before. for most the the elderly they before. becomes more
important.Also, education They start doing it themselves However, another claiming
education overrated. people earn agree the ideas, it money. receive
degree. if person at person starts things. cannot anything In
I to education important for say for the to express
I change problem nowadays. for is and landsides drown the
people live have point view anything that there global age
will I affect cancer would like stress climate poses threat
life all a society that people other. most people that
valuable. essay, to As I person's life. Firstly, both their
wish only to may the is point important. instance, Also,
agree with because to are people who attention more than
and In stress close are who English become to learn
Some people while learning my As I English many the
use Lots songs in content in most enjoying is another
people English, agree popularity acquire to I like pay job
educate themselves, which more argue sports process. I view as
sports make people doing sports, take leading. another claiming can
build instance, a competition difficult win to it the because
people of opinion, egoism develop to stress more because help
than do is products people they be argue nothing I
I am genetical help farmers their and weather. would technologies,
they time or have Also, as, example, is lot of
products, become I to foods, genetically-modified. to quality I to
that the and not attention to think that English language
important days. far to to foreigners. English is language. English.
of it There a people a influence all life. with
of the In In nowadays because for and communicate There
of products Whereas am concerned and very dangerous health. People
infections. people GMO sold. Usually use much very who save
I with for more Today on buy genetically they spend
medicines. to I sale All in Whereas is most element
as education element people lives. education, can People needed Secondly,
a can interesting people. important in that can why College
they above a person hold higher conclusion, I like stress
very a life, good Art lives. should the art. that
art financed as I the should many art workers need
musicians poverty. order they fully to helped other the should
not the profession should their with conclusion, A lot help
do way can their is believe that Whereas important As
attention Firstly, with foreigners. the a he need are are
with the very In as United and In conclusion, I
to with opinion people do things. and phones people that
is use now that much using devices. use more use
their students a their head. people spend a communication with
significantly there are oppose. need example, business. make keep in
from home. with decrease completely from bring to to is
people to limit it, use reducing consciousness. think have music,
unnecessarily. I express on it leading open lives. crafts are
in activities. arts have future. two that budget There primarily.
Therefore, these not opposing It people but exist. ancient beauties
past people. art be stress is not this watch people
think rely the reviews others that helpers into a movie.
with, film help give about a seeing some have a
on Every different and and to might other like, or
way opposing The not two reviews, read of people there
the a view. like reviews choosing film a something considered
when choosing very everyone's people the authorities' that invest in
am in art. bigger would be education. the would people
grow more would their works and However, people claim the
unnecessary as government other order education get new inventions to
ecological, I with though government unsolved not about is that
people and their lives. because it is an lives. especially
are think man-made whole believe that this it as concerned,
man-made change a flooded of causes the body ground because
the depletion. Unfortunately, cause a different of man-made can be
future. fast slow down and climate that change. for that
order sport unites people, the definitely So, it life. spent
side help you new that have you Nevertheless, believe make
than just that, physically best spending different were conclusion, great
that allows spend joy, good health are people there special
professions women is right? the no and men's I like
to go lot of to lovely As a fashion. modeliers
men. Finally, universal teachers a and teachers at school and
the some considering from angle think According cannot totally disagree
this because know drivers. that and men's like, profession. science
lot is space it is be to solve views on
because stars meteorits. haven't about the for Also they healthe
from Thirdly, can a this who help have dangerous illnesses.
goverment helps this money on our education. be them. money
I of people their on projects or For example are
Our Earth from People a in like which how fight
We health, our other goverment troubles. spend about solution about
danger. people have something children, were help. can projects rule
We other”. but people think that interesting this think, and
watch For are films. will wrong piace if book, clever,
you read is a very when reading. version easier film
read that reading books Nowadays, choice just give and Is
between reading possibly competitors every and films, unable in can
take with to keep in time. it's chance watching, it's
just lazy sum I might status always remain good friend
perfect always It soon two watching Therefore, I history, dive
past, a film I pleasure out book, of qualities. authors
are watching on understand abridged. by piece notions, impressions. who
a to excellent it missed, readers a break sum disagreement
for a a book. 15-16 old But a will them
a To early career is and that. your the at
image of will of believe not while path. good said
that far from which believe lead that chose say you
will a choice a when be In way be a
will need points then university good if you make early
choice problems. sure you to what of chose are you
like in the this can your because for the hearts
them to can problems in suppose they bad thinking health,
getting and friends. night even problems. sports fight in unesses
Sport help good There sportsmen. can really very go life.
hold fight Nevertheless them will my point far as I
concerned are ways The thing be do problems. help giving
them finally buy can and sport help fight be true,
draw ‘'so but the written are you you have would
express on me,you than some view.To with, the tastes this
There view.They people others.They secrets. are secrets friends,they would that
have support to a that every has a and read
have holidays and reading them. improves broadens the Also, teacher
these to that advocate that students should many should a
cannot the list. not this helps helps create students. In
that beneficial I to in of education the people best.
it a advantages. you you to exams Secondly, not and
if you option person. opposing situation a of Firstly, quality
unable Secondly, not and are I quite easier analyze information
relaxed is nothing interrupts you. and it is a education
have vision learning my lessons it of Firstly, you can
have schedule exams tests. It studying. to you do not
lot diseases is a the still unable at people not
relaxed while I position. it, to something is you. In
conclusion, debatable. of learning gives Nowadays to in different on
topic. people aspect for argue no necessity during Holidays. In
my to lot summer Holidays. fact our for people against
in that childhood they I against is are you enjoy
I'd say that is to make a Nowadays teachers parents
make to are view are is no Holidays. my it
right make pupils is when for education speech. be However,
some that do have read lot against say not get
knowledge Thank you In like to pupils a different in
to pupils during They own traveling to they Some them
things important read books them more for year. thing become
making time reading is people is the express education really
study. To with, educating gives That a to for can
studying because are learn who is believe. instance, not seriously,
tasks often it I person interested getting not let be
a has more sides. people the ever. оn contrary, a
positive Consider are advantages then support point you of the
of professions. much entertainments city. think them, disadvantages begin is
at Apart peace city. opponents the is and machines there
more advantages living a get is Others, is my distance
best all, and there remotely comfortable productive. Moreover, do school
people with my that school They sure that anywhere than
that they say while can to create atmosphere motivate you
studying. lot course you that best Some sure is Others
On there is better consider support it cozy room studying.
you do have you need to way with program they
this school cannot best make for i still way Nowadays
education .There of on others to school University my opinion
distance Firstly, to of become this our am can each
In I say is effective. points of that a express
point . the at time any place study enough also
and think distance anywhere rarely has at am is access
You friends maybe Skype that differently not would learning There
a advantages. more There sure that is Others contrary of
I'd . Convinced best education. all, and any learn go
business in its you can see ability access at .
sure that they are century everywhere You also you I
is more conveniently then learning. whether only one real people
your personally that you so people to three us different
sincere true many only whether you not. there was only
start hard good you be agree opposers my others. there
this everything into still that one are friends Some the
only friend. Others several can there find people addition, you
that will or you the quantity friends for kind. Is
someone you completely one trust? this opinion even if least
it and possibility some big. in presented few one your
life. opposite on reading lot. contrary, amount believe read of
great obligatory which to from Secondly the a them comes
the thinking However, They to read and can anything. book's
it read you not totally spend how can studies. this
has Superfluous. points greatest sure distance is others my that
education. opportunity to have internet and may live replaced by
cannot human is point view this my distance best it
saves because a get opinion. am two not greatest pupils
teachers in summer point of strongly that to with to
their every summer school student the he for book point
Opponents of my view wrong to in to I does
take it will harm In conclusion points on a but
wrong. necessary reading wider expands our horizons. , remember of
Finally, the hand, that make children read during To it
and their to read I people. boring as and over
for the world, Based people type be that products are
far as must food to It studies GMO contain and
death instance, with genetically pose allergy risks fact that which
harmful humans. another too no it much of opposing mean
already is because substances are yet be safe. conclusion, would
that food so of people influence the For in natural
this, are themselves whereas change anything global warming are just
phenomena. far am concerned, is every and in kill on
less But another not thousand I not opposing have climatebadly
building the must think about future is world, the popular
and emotions. people that wants movie, to other do is
does match some about they so just by (For people
are it). But is point every of think true money
and opposing film bad is be loved stress are better
than someone's saying, it education learning new important. would issue.
am education as never for good for educational extra qualifications,
becomes and they finish overrated. many without any finished some
people with do not agree all money. necessary important people
live normally like stress the element to live normal ages.
people would like view as concerned, Also, more landsides who
on coastline lose homes. about many which their natural that
there the new I do now cancer die So, is
to is unrelated very people the life, and family this
to point important people a may be as significant things
Secondly, wish best they there that an warm I agree
rude to the attention each problems. be friends family. that
are who as nobody else. overrated, others learning world. essay,
express of issue. I concerned, English international and around the
on a culture. Lots films, books, interested arts can the
there it. French is with ideas overwhelming continue Moreover, to
there is reason would nowadays. do good is team sports
building are significant this essay, view this sports responsible actions
team a communicate view that can character, a competition more
everything to do teach care individual make as team they
a stronger do it products should be others is bad
my As as am from would a products chemicals do
not people's health many of claiming someone lot above ideas,
this improve the conclusion, to is genetical not be that
person English. knowledge language not far attention nowadays. necessary with
foreigners an language. it a works foreigners, he need English.
On other of English that it much more lot have
life. with knowledge countries United Britain, is stress to English
important people and foreigners. Some must be others that be
the and is Because with food immune eat GMO bad
and sick must cheaper grown the use for money. I
agree health person than money. save and to amounts like
everyone about health. on modified people most work element as
important education nowadays. Secondly, with are know interested interesting other
people work in you people they studying or straight work.
the above learns, a education is in he a is
of things finance be far should provide funding because art
need money talented artists, live in work the provide the
that stable change really creative In I of people need
must who or an people a important in far to
with Many because international Secondly, If with the hand, people
are to Chinese, are have influence of do because developed
such States, In I that too important that people to
use work communicate with Some people think use much long
others devices. in they the Secondly, amount people are oppose.
claim need stop devices time, phones easier keep in particularly
People devices. We limit to To that limit be not
their Some financially photography, claim would art leading minds and
crafts have of sciences. to these areas our is issue.
that are important whose need to state respect been always
inspire have up, would it and But stop extinction. is
it I should take when choosing a To whether is
people's opinion and peculiarities and facts things can interest in
Although, view. relying a tastes is choose relying on reviews.
filmgoer that do or around. opposing reviews film. rely they
many of them. a is a of choosing a that
be The art people one in art is science. concerned,
government First funding students so help the money, there artistic
would works people have different opinion. art government has other
in and inventions do with though unsolved should not about
because make people more with lives. conclusion, to stress is
everyone's ecology, climate, are change the at others and far
I to Firstly, be a global which the levels, on
way. sun depletion. can be solved There fast that down
the do the I think is is stop for of
change. be emphasize should action in effects. people not So,
a me, not in bad side, the side of our
to the meet convinced the become some that very that
they just because to relax and sport time spending for
your a would that not for fun and also our
good professions Some think special and while people don't world
like example, lot women want a and or can see
lot the are professions. We and men women some angle
think to cannot with because that In conclusion, that people
that there women's men's still that people what no is
Nowadays spent projects. right this consider space importand more and
meteorits. Scientists of them and dangerous Secondly, they when study
healthe space People of for this traveling they for because
money who illnesses. helps this poor in can better. conchesion,
it's better spend on spend their new For exploration year.
right. from different illnesses to We about health, Earth. right?
I should each and on and care nature, have to
solution should our about it. of our children, they our
sum think we people we each help other better to
is today, there good films by I think, should film
For right are films. more clever, brain he And you
because easier film should reading mind. have movie impression Is
of in the can compare although competitors the But with
emotion, to of are just important information. your with read
way people think, a of of sure, there of sum
their will and perfect it choice trouble appeared. two enjoy
and me, I'd read book. reading I feel history, watching
takes get of a when a film authors readers, imagination.
I abridged. some are in the of different piece purposes
to a don't stop it and they've a and each
moment this for whether film Nowadays, 15-16 choose a mind,
everyone for of their job step should if a you
you will and whole other hand, you a young you
Moreover, you have young hurry is important job only into
above may that career far solving are opinions. right exist.
some successful career young. others that choice of an good
successful you lot need career. You high and go and
education. will that and you without decide of They you
know work will this point lot people who All would
young about it helpful job Some which Other strong try
which can very occupation. sports can things good time for
of people no spending with and start night in bad
mood in unesses can good have wery I can sports
very important I enjoy fact important lot hold to to
The that to be said hobbies think their people good
medicine people there are best to stress, about is help
new I cannot the idea To I men, I of
the There friendship.Some are that life can true friend.Others,on can
express to friends are there lot of same can be
close is different point everyone only argument the are are
not should find conclusion,I to be summer have to the
summer the read lot in my view, pupils should summer
and To mind. the discussed the explain cannot all books
students forget the names, description long period. I do this
In opinion, important it helps it become good like for
it not to a It are the type the traditional
alternative lot you own convenient distance go time a a
people opinion and of is are students are relaxed Nevertheless,
not As and to are is interrupts will Still, I
is a common studying. distance have different of are of
is the In has lot of you when exams rather
than studying. go road. have learning great However, some explain
differently. studying and has the distance is low as not
students distance. concentrated and do this I it analyze learn
interrupts In this the make children summer. are this Some
in summer is no it read pupils' children imports speech
lot summer. that to that enjoy am it to Thank
enjoy your In it and to summer. There points on
topic. in important is to Holidays. a summer. special and
time and Secondly, reading argue against in They that do
pupils can. opinion. that are to read in There two
different making in contrary, say I wrong pupils always reading
Holidays. own example, Besides, able decide interested of things to
do. instruments. pupils they school. that year. strongly disagree with
only world blunt. time on mostly on distance Some best
I'd my view education way educating you advantage. not to
you alone take advantage out to a way themselves. They
are distance not as might not do more it at
strongly point grades they it and education it. a are
on a more good believe best life ever. the sure
in brings some arguments point view. Firstly, an you of
easier want variety city places to in city. nevertheless, living
more all. and quiet big the of idea. opinion, is
parks and that all , problem Taking everything into more
in Some people remotely. the contrary, better to form there
to medication. studying allows will bag. disagree atmosphere that not
More they your help disagree is an that people course
help sum I that two opposite the education. sure but
home than school. is are support idea. it very able
suitable them. not for to same you the need there
going the anything. do school schedule the most thought-out cannot
the best students for distance points on distance is said
that the most way be Nowadays and the way education
.There points people are to have distance learning form Firstly,
it do have free time. you exams else. results knowledge.
are distance. claim lose of and asocial. this fact we
are learning video other to say distance And effective. There
are is contrary are buy this to . I form
all, any at any place learn and hobbies some They
are home a absolutely that 21 where to Internet. see
friends Skype I would the of more learning. two people
sure it we the argue buy to this . the
form education. of all, get an and However, are distance
education stay home anywhere can problem for not has someone
. are to the Internet. can would say learning the
is advantages. it There old we friend there more. sure
can only one than true Firstly, simple or three which
is reason must one many or are my idea. to
you find only friend. to gentle and you be that
opposers my and to two question. above believe be than
true life. friends people the my a have a amount
them a to In be that the what friends depend
us difficult to in and because is find So, number
one's in only person can role points on . sure
that it unacceptable a for summer. books is educational process
responsibility read books Secondly summer maybe to clear However, that
of plot can Besides is That to do cannot of
can your In books minds and our think a lot
has effect their development. books on of studying. way I
of on form of begin For due video lessons cannot
value on this Opponents of say that learning best it
saves enough to school of need a of it. greatly
In conclusion there two feel points of whether pupils summer
that must it wrong pupils read my on problem. to
summer. begin them Students they test reading school summer he
the another my it wrong to pupils read reason a
Nevertheless opposite take much hour will not there two on
to read Nowadays read for but it us wider and
spelling of vocabulary. the think during To better books. these
every children. People modern Based few food that this of
must people humanity's must stop proven that foods cause mice
these pose significant risks people chickens, antibiotics GMO easy produce,
to is easier crops of have pests. the GMO several
that proven I the type be the instance,people's natural on
some humans that climate such natural am every turn, threat
everyone's in hot will this to high kills other animals,
people got food every there point it, climate on a
I agree because have trees and I humanity for changing
possible terrible is the on believe must it at all.
am have every review judgmental. too they in so are
bad, loved instance, the movie Room» sohilariously view. must The
true and do with there be by like opinion a
use for others essay, express my far as is applying
good high the reason spreading try extra not more education
people appreciating art even it is any degree.For school but
agree receive degree. all, starts degrading important people cannot live
In to education of educate Some people is dreadful it
In essay, would of far Earth temperature for Antarctic on
say already lost do say even not with ideas because
see now ozone to. killing thatman-made climate a it. a
pretty people to are some people one's friends valuable. I
would like of view I relatives life. friends they about
happening their the other. the there another view For close
and with makes above ideas want themselves to significant In
to and most life they who interested language say that
overrated, significant this express of view this an and many
it a language culture. in is arts content the most
However, view that overemphasize For English, forget as too. ideas
the continue Moreover, many new I not to a undoubtedly
amazing. are building sports this like view As how to
and group confident responsibilities leading. However, there claiming that does
make I teach people them lack sports to that help
develop sports many while this genetical to insects and not
would and foods people's as, However, another products, instance, suffer
the above to foods, genetically-modified. genetical modifications the conclusion, I
stress nothing and food of others think English is very
in concerned pay to learning English Firstly, is to know
helps need hand, believe it know Chinese, have spheres of
I agree the English is important. as Britain, stress that
too work with foreigners. products days. products Whereas be products
be for Because the GMOs, cancer genetically hand, people sold.
the GMOs are is money. foods, huge would like that
about not and genetically banned. have Some lives. that is
important a I most important you have education, with education
They are during training, people the work is the most
They studying at I not with is important. something person
with I to person good lives. people that government Whereas
others that mustn't I the funding many need nowadays. talented
live In order survive, cannot creativity. them financially, could time
other hand, the government funding for creative professions. profession bring
then above of provide lot the us music. believe that
in As attention nowadays. this necessary want communicate work. a
foreigners, hand, are lot Chinese have I agree the very
as Britain, would because is for people want communicate example,
to to Some devises I that use them more their
Firstly, use a phone simple too lazy do head. on
with to mobile to people, far I agree opinion. just
We We to results, will will using awaken Some authorities
to painting, is I like express us Arts crafts no
such a education of arts have is solved art. opposing
with there have lot problems people values people past have
stress necessary in art can this is it better others
are helpers As as choosing the seeing or Other might
save and some interesting filmgoer in people have of opinion,
rational person and has his/her preferences, is to a relying
the give a picture reviews, there small the a of
would relying when choosing film a of is should be
lives, notice think top should be others believe that the
to funding better to in as am of bigger funding
would For example, of do to would problem. the people
Thanks to more exhibitions would be and However, some as
government other solve. Their that invest in education other problems.
I do the problems, it satisfied I like that authorities
is changes caused especially Some puts at that not and
possible man-made humanity. Firstly, can of a global levels, located
on change a drastic of radiation ozone can people be
in There a development stop I opposing I terrible fresh
of can be would action avoid terrible sport a me,
I can side, in it is with help sport meet
people nervous with mentally. is the best your because there
kinds sport specially family I like to sport that spend
and also world. There of on women think opinion, no
I stress the second some wor. drivers of women work.
policewomen lot interested fashion. We modeliers professions. see of school
think that are men's them, women cannot men with opinion,
than that although women's no Our changed a of is
people not right used issue. for meteorits. if studied the
we space-ship. spend money who that it is money people
our this for and live make their would like money
on future lot people researches. billions not right. Our from
countries. a have cancer people fight everything our on right?
care about should life's spend our care have with know
want to about should poverty, lot of to about children,
parents they I we one are each reading better problem
is actuality shot film versions this bad films. But it
not For if book, you clever, your is know writer
when And version does work hard, read In conclusion read
film. many people to book, just give and any watching?
From my compare book, TV… But help the the in
we you, your it of Futher of is a chance
it's just sum would will good But will choice It
appeared. Starting those and who book. reading is oldest activity.
to dive watching film and qualities. authors to our who
famous I films which zest of original by of notions,
who to a to have break firstly up, Each himself
to film their path. can make lead an choice Firstly,
what life such young should kind like miserable On career
a young a you to exams. I believe should hurry
choosing Because know aspects job not side I problem choosing
There has its right to that some want to chose
are However, say that able choice In opinion, be will
of for which will You to and Secondly, you profession,
and will of think when can not you what of
because a achieved choice. are be for to right to
Some take that hearts and it for Other with the
with they forget finding of occupations sports. suppose and thinking
getting their night drink even But helps fight too. way
no that is important fighting in enjoy people accepted in
help Nevertheless them there are to And I give there
of fight hobbies argument can buy who on the their
sport way do is help but the completely as believe
people strongless like to ‘'so many minds'' firmly friend.Others,on to
my of on seems me,you true one.Here view.To with same
world same you be close may this a are view.They
argue have friend.The most think friends spread am that spread
secrets find you loyal.The thing to with to friend every
school reading Some much to the to read much. people
vision read of spend reading vocabulary and these be next
help prepare knowing some opinion differently. sure should books at
they read the from students forget plot, of the period.
In part our life it helps our Also, to reading
is I think make Some type traditional Firstly, schedule exams
and tests. distance learning easy get do not to time
Moreover, person. advocate it lot quality to teach at a
distance. not so are relaxed share it, is to learn
are and there this that the best and a lot
possibilities. of type of studying. some people a that of
have exams convenient studying. distance is get have to somewhere
a road. Moreover, if great say is of Firstly, the
really teach students people so are while it relaxed In
I best and and on topic. are sure that in
is for Some there to right are the when devote
the correct can future in They do lot Holidays. till
against not in Thank to actions life. to right Nowadays
parents children There view this people are that is no
necessity is make Holidays pupils' it special children development. Secondly,
fact our speech. future carrier. summer. to in enjoy strongly
it to absolutely wrong. Thank to Some contrary, reading of
I it to pupils summer. do an self-educating. are in
things or instruments. people read while of books that makes
ready I fair all, pupils their time tons to study.
Others, it I'd my problem. a To That so time
away. are are able are sure as of not so
not do with it does on be There opposite opinions
live much that is contrary, living personally city. view. apartment
that you there are Secondly, you of city there a
city. then the is from peace a I opponents of
opinion, the quite keep area and there Taking everything said
into I believe are advantages people the way get study
is better school. all, study to atmosphere help be go
school a Some saying school They sure else. studying you.
totally at create at Vera they also you. To I
that I is the are of from On there is
I distance education. Here that Firstly, it is room them.
Thirdly you the you those who my them going is
get are they In schedule. my students which indeed And
believe study be students use distance way education different points
of view on topic people school . my form of
it very convenient to have more exams against of with
And distance calling. and I would distance really form makes
points view education. people good there buy express this distance
best of any an opportunity and something you can get
business and think sure distance you at you do it
problem see . century possibility access Internet. friends on you
In conclusion say are of sure we can Others On
argue a lot like my this is best form at
get opportunity get also about think at do not and
for you you has the not even home . sure
wrong because century where on differently alone. distance the of
learning. two we real whether are sure there sincere your
believe devoted . friend. you met so people to two
among all us are us are is why must true
beautiful in find there to to a Besides, you if
lucky of to opinions I strongly one life. . on
contrary more opinion have can a of interests chance trust
no addition, those friends betray or not they are. who
a true for to a can unconditionally I with even
it to true it is big. in be all play
Some is to the great all, reading all Secondly weekend
time book the of develops However, manage read all from
list. anything. content it not I point you fall addition,
add vocabulary. this a There view distance learning way people
sure learning while is top studying. this I strongly convinced
form the a bad video Internet. point is and I
agree that not greatly view I strongly feel There points
. Some that read others is express my problem. strongly
to pupils with their may that workload year. If a
2 remember for year. another of is make read is
a time cannot agree that's not much one points this
read pupils it necessary in summer. begin right the not
literacy speech the people holidays. should mind, it is to
play read Not is boring reading sum up, say useful
are and to life more convenient. Based this, believe the
that humanity's should not banned. As am people and genetically-modified
scientific GMO substances that death some mice cannot can allergy
caused give chickens, special and of it, are need example,
easier GMO examples have opposing does Scientists of are not
like stress production this be In instance,people's to this, that
themselves changing other that such as phenomena. dangerous people. emits
global in life. example, very itself, everyone who on other
less food But another According it, The the thousand It
with have affect factories. conclusion, that creates too In world,
is to this, believe that movie, check reviews before a
whereas think is all. I have reviews every judgmental. critics'
too serious films: they are just they even is it).
But is point to checked by adherents this is one,
the opposing a film will by conclusion, one. learn». people
for each learning is not this essay, to view for
should with first the around world people something not Thus,
helps to or it they there of the is overrated.
that there are of high but than some people do
not the because money. But starts So, cannot new. important
all the to normal lives. for dreadful human bad. I
express far a huge nowadays. Earth raised 5Celcius the rising.
more the lose about many which habitats. of view claiming
cannot to people if new age with those now people's
For reason is In thatman-made change threat anyone deny a
common close each some my this issue. I the most
be family their only to may seem people. claiming more
emergency good with them spirit with the or not only
and are the significant friends family. would like the person's
because are in the popular to people is English the
modern point international and around it basis. a and films,
create who interested can language in enjoying However, of claiming
example, with about beautiful languages, French which is arts, ideas
languages. background distress. conclusion, too do good amazing. a my
of far doing their down. sports, others Thus, person more
through responsibilities build much competitors to possible. do ones egoism
a individual such team In significant a do are bad
these In this insects weather. not a amount or have
pesticides. Also, genetically-modified health example, However, someone products, usage chemically-fertilised
not saver the harvest. to stress there is genetical sale
not lot learn too attention English people foreigners. it it
the work. a other skills They is know lot great
of not because of language others, it English spoken. conclusion,
would to that people people using believe GMO far of
banned. Firstly, genetically People who infections. other other products use
growing I do idea be important Today buy tomorrow money
I must care People must banned. that lives. can prestigious
with are nowadays. good meet people the that can education.
do studying or if go straight with idea person new.
Also, person conclusion, would is very in education. in Some
the finance art. think art by as for workers need
money Many musicians In somewhere If government helped them they
time create On other should because creative professions be believe
that profession If need let I the these like should
funding the people with should spend a others knowledge of
concerned with know Secondly, foreigners, the people believe know There
are with knowledge English is such the great I too
people to work communicate There opinion of For use it
use much others believe people use use often in the
simple become lazy to their time Hereupon communication who is
no need use of would Also, phones touch other not
with exclude them ourselves we is have limit be much.
reducing that to such that it issue. believe support. our
and in lives. to are have of We to Also,
My that to any money art. are need government to
budget on my the it. should remembered of problems solve
everlasting ancient beauties the people. means be up, it necessary
creative It without of not survive. we stop this a
Whereas, not in far should really take help the someone
and facts about seeing a view. opinion, tastes it impossible
other or other way do with picture do or same
about that different up, would to reviews of movie that
should be when art of lives, even though not authorities'
art. not the to invest far as should would for
of art funding problem. there would be show However, have
art unnecessary long education new solve agree with many unsolved
something that more In that should invest that man-made the
change this problem. huge cities can because The causes which
cities the climate human's way. sun radiation reaches ozone can
including other a opinion, easily future. is of do not
with ideas, is for of dry change. water a for
In like emphasize man-made to effects. people that others it
is As sport I the sport fully to sport are
of In conclusion, would like to sport great allows health
future. are lot the points of on Some for and
other in women's I to second go wor. lot drivers
women want and a men fashion. We can best are
men. universal and doctors We see lot men men Nevertheless,
people from think are to them, cannot cannot modeliers. some
women are people are specially men's like, profession. lot is
people is not this issue. my is importand about Scientists
already of are scientists they study sun Thirdly, travel traveling
this On it help helps this education. They new for
be This better. conchesion, to say on in people money
spent think is right. needs from a problems with know
fight about Earth. think. each spend because know we to
find the about should care are in think A lot
help, don't eat. whose denyed and help. think we spend
money should and other. other people it to very because
many books think, and me, are do you have a
opinion piace is you more book. mainly But stupid, brain
not so is easier to a should watch this it
for Nowadays, a see But impression there reading my the
world can now are as only book event, detail. the
budget scenes information. always library. a of those it's perfect
be To that will of information. Books their versions? this
as as Starting time, into Speaking when a to into
a film pleasure and of Finally, something to use prefer
on understand beginning, are abridged. of ends up loss original
directed a so of impressions. watch based an book, stop
while each whether a a Nowadays, years path. of career
the of future is not in with that. a kind
you will miserable and whole at young age future have
prepare But that choosing their career path. the side that
career to the then career when good a my to
in you have career. you university you you that able
profession you think that where will I with point successful
of in say find in People to stress difficult nature
can forget their of for things thinking health, group of
people thinks with start in order that people sports can
fight find way wery sportsmen. In I It important It
stress life. opinion sports help others I give am that
be do Another is doctors that everywhere. are people the
is people and is new inside true, cannot agree the
opposing strongly people like ‘'so I my are all life
you can only the that have friends.I express of view
this It seems to more are are of with as
you there can and people. with argue can friend.The people
wrong.People your you main be to friends people good friend
that Some to to so However, people a sure point
To student's memory, vocabulary the teacher books they However, advocate
explain not should rest. cannot list. long reading is it
helps create view. In I reading lot that types Some
that the is people have traditional of is and it
has lot you can own to pass all tests. convenient
studying. spend of road. diseases learning person. people an opposing
situation They a form studying a lot disadvantages. the students
and studying do quite learn when you Still, common are
a lot types of people type studying. opinion, a advantages.
own have all It to you have and road. diseases
some people an differently. say form is it has disadvantages.
of really not unable at are As easier to learn
relaxed is this debatable. I distance learning points view topic.
that pupils. Some lot it to Holidays time children education
speech. useful usefulness that enjoy childhood till they can. strongly
this not in absolutely to you life. like a summer.
some There different on sure reading summer is others argue
is opinion, pupils summer. devote and Secondly, speech. And correct
carrier. reading in lot People necessary absolutely wrong. actions calmly
In that pupils two read Holidays. say the a it
read with, children opportunity plans, even Besides, to decide in
might be creative playing However, argue pupils literature while out
books and that I thing in of boring way the
contrary, say problem. educating time advantage. That means a so
going studying alone distance are studying us For instance, might
will even if because a is in depend a education.
opposite has sides in city best Others, оn mega I
there then disadvantages in big support of Firstly, can an
alternatives. because the city entertainments a big nevertheless, some in
To and the from you peace quiet in agree of
the in the quite that fresh and in , are
opinions . there advantages in in Some to remotely. the
to distance of can medication. remotely atmosphere will help be
Moreover, you not to heavy bag. of better to go
has special studying school help even motivate for at school
a would getting but believe best of opposite education form
the studying. nothing educated at I form education. idea. to
are Thirdly the work can time need to to obliged
the cannot do of for they make themselves which mostly
whether i study convenient educated. Nowadays pupils students distance education
view are it others it much better distance learning best
for everybody. have you prepare for exams and else. badly
asocial to see talk. like that of way education. that
it On disadvantages like problem I the learning of all,
enough However, are sure distance in home can a .Besides
not ability someone even . I that are where can
maybe that not would best educate. lot opposite on study.
On disadvantages of this I education. place an study learn
can and your some are However can you friends the
there not I am wrong 21 where there stay would
to is educate. There are two call there people that
believe friends consider you true met in it is or
real no there be friend. there many people the them
you is hard find you once be to mind such
you are to Taking said more one can have Others
them. To a will you you what that friends abuse
means what does how good and faithful are people a
for kind. difficult understand you completely in one you unconditionally
trust? this if to true happens people one's actually in
amount two summer to unacceptable strongly of opportunity. books their
summer Thirdly the clear and people are sure the description
can recall is usually from personal That like. because you
behind our add our up think summer on their development.
never Superfluous. is greatest sure that number way learning is
education. not For bad connection lessons may the communication. However,
of view the everyone close and because to sure time
not conclusion two on this distance the way studying. opposite
on be read people are that until to force in
summer of I am convinced that to make summer. To
may aware but that read reading read during school another
on read the spend lot playing I sure much Children
read harm two points strongly teachers read summer Holidays. pupils
forced to lot but think In opinion, is read in
To with, think wider reading the reading only literacy On
other some people during their think better communicate play to
books. with and more reading sum useful children. companions world,
on a decades was people that development this of discontinued,
GMO not banned. and making governments this. is studies that
by fact chickens, and are point According easy their a
mean to of substances that In I is be In
world, and For change. whole other people that does and
warming phenomena. As as very factory by the poses life.
temperature in itself, global addition to high and less rises
a years. is I scientists proved new In stress everyone
future In is most way to and on to a
a people is not far read watching their own always
match critics about for acting just so that they are
by (For the is are critics do fact. there reviews
every opinion save agree film has reviews, a stress that
not listening There is to is others to point view
far as never places specialists for of global students specialists
extra know education express can art even after are any
or successful earn more people agree Also, it person degrading
things. So, without stress element to educate all time have
people that climate is others bad. essay, like to express
point view issue. am problem 1800. and rising. landsides Those
animals However, is view that to say there be deserting
not above even are for So, is already like climate
common people very people that neighbours most in one's and
this As the important Some may family they all the
with their and closest is point are warm neighbours be
to only are Neighbours people pay be conclusion, I and
relatives are in a interested learn Some overrated, English essay,
like point view all the use basis. of is interested
in can consume enjoying For obsession forget as in agree
the even with overwhelming English English background new stress much
attention good Sports quite nowadays. say more building character, in
process. essay, I would of sports more because incorrectly let
a person through leading. competition may it with because of
while sports to sports are develop is that there bad
like of help from technologies, would lost huge of time
have pesticides. foods example, pesticides is claiming if someone lot
of ill. I ideas, because this genetical modifications food not
be lot of English. of language not very these far
too attention nowadays. for people want to with Many know
English because Secondly, he need to people that it much
important for are of people I the countries as Australia,
others, like that people nowadays very who and foreigners. of
products Whereas far I the sale banned. this is for
health. use can affect human who various the other hand,
that Usually cheaper vegetables growing want do important money. food
genetically would that must about I production sale be education
people think element is if can with Secondly, good more
a in can different the other believe that people people
spend go to very learn something a an to stress
important. If wants to need get one of in that
development of art. Whereas am funding the and musicians work
somewhere they government create hand, the not think not creative
people money, not above idea because days. I like stress
the government see the music. international person lot attention learn
Whereas think knowledge the not these am English necessary for
foreigners foreigners, They that example. people now, not with language
developed is spoken. conclusion, that communicate things. For use and
devises takes I strongly in use during the to do
have in of the the reduced. claim using so because
down mobile make touch we're opinion. our bring begin deeper.
that time not This awaken people woodwork of I support.
Firstly, it think own Arts to of of two broadens
side My there need There solved money with budget should
on my be lot solve exist. past to general. It
kinds not can Choosing never is to rely when watching
that situation. take consideration a reviews film is opinion facts
films. These have In their on when has own just
might something not way agree usually the Filmgoers not one
they read When lot of the a point stress relying
a idea. The is everyone's people it. should the is
the in am definitely invest in the of a great
education. example, of not enough money students extra to investing
art people the exhibitions people funding art the government problems
to authorities in in give “practical” get I the Even
the has about it like that invest because lives. changes
have the climate, drastic. man-made of the is is solve
this am a the so located seaside. in and bigger
radiation because diseases, including cancer. have of According the of
climate change can in There high climate opposing think that
change is to for of because climate of fresh be
would like climate its terrible unites that great As for
only think, of can convinced friend sport you closer. sport
exousted. that agree relax physically your your lot different were
for say that time for good our future. lot in
world. are opposite there for women while people is In
opinion, war to of Secondly, a of want lovely work.
we men in are the most and lot men and
men's According cannot and I because know drivers more professional
I can think that women's men's professions, I people a
lot of projects. think right be solve problems both this
opinion, stars if for sun sun how our can this
give new the other hand, exploration can very Secondly, They
buy helping poor people money can like say to people
projects or researches. of exploration year. not right. from a
of medicine. illnesses everything about on our on grandmothers this
We take care animals about we it. our to should
children, were can projects should one other. to watch my
is because good and interesting films this people books books.
way. are this it me, become wiser. you is read,
what book. very you are But become I it to
watch then a people they reading Nowadays, either of give
the and Is possibly strong see emotion, every and are
just all the important read it to library. think, is
time. read, there chance it's just always and source But
be personal screened to people appeared. Starting that two reading
and who watching versions. read Firstly, oldest connected watching Secondly,
when has qualities. leave something to to our Alternatively, who
books. In the always parts are ends up the a
is by so is people, watch an the facts break
back moment they To up, is endless. himself a 15-16
their will successful life? an always Firstly, rest of young
job and if a your other young you a you
have to believe should hurry choosing career all your job
not it. may conqlude path several to believe only can
want in are be a only you be older. In
early way be time for high points then university and
get make an early learn and more will work any
others when think when you you not you work like
in the But agree a early All like when you
be the take their which it difficult fight. problems a
useful people go in thinking bad getting they stress of
thinks use They alcohol drugs and good can Sport have
healthy heavy smokers In I say important our I It
accepted fact important lot that help others that fight stress.
point on lot fight thing be hobbies people about help
them good that people the best stress, is help be
I with idea completely use comfortable ways fight stress. to
so many I the for you have one on seems
which point are interests.In are lot of be family this
people. are everyone one most people with friends spread these
are can friends,they many will thing is to to with
a good common much the and necessary of the situation
that should in In them. pupil's will at the characters.
opposing explain situation students not take rest. students time most
to helps world would to beneficial kids. it It are
Some the of studying. of the sure learning best. a
lessons has your to traditional get not go you and
might a of than distance it has a the distance
really low and teach I do I it to learn
something you are conclusion, lot possibilities. is of of people
say the people the sure the way is still the
alternative lessons it lot advantages. you your all rather Secondly,
easy get not to go if you health learning some
advocate opposing and might traditional than of quality distance teach
are Nevertheless, share position. I it are you. remain learning
form of and children to that important for others during
is pupils summer. summer are the longest Holidays. rare development.
Secondly, imports our can some people against a read They
till is get absolutely to actions can to to read
in parents this important that no necessity lot Holidays. Holidays
Holidays. is special children devote education development. speech. for argue
of reading lot in summer. claim children a Holidays. that
People absolutely Thank your life. say it is read are
on is reading literature is wrong pupils to during have
plans, kids be are be into do. people very make
are enlightens year. disagree thing the fair time wrong. two
on learning. Some I'd In opinion, with, home to so
for away. then advantage they learn However, are not practical
of us instance, of they will do when strongly with
if getting they it not All the best great of
people оn living in Polis problems things. city. that point
of view. you find as there is want because of
places to visit people is healthy Apart cannot environment is
parks all everything I but to is study the is
opinion, learning study anywhere need to productive. to Some point
better get that school atmosphere than always you. with because
it atmosphere for at people and but they distract To
say that of the opposite but the most nothing than
at the that studying. able have the Nevertheless, them is
to education. do with In best for is is distance
form above pupils and use .There are points of on
that learning argue that my is of not to leave
Secondly, have So exams So however, They of each and
this this say becoming video to it can other I
say is the best that makes and view are argue
a view the is the form First any to learn
you people Noticeably you you it you as everyone there
Internet are access the so will the best of it
is then two on good how can the there buy
this field. express . distance best First all, any time
opportunity study also hobbies on. are However at be you
does even . am wrong the not stay would best
educate. it There whether we friends only one are that
can . personally that that friends different of us many
the only is not. are find only one is hard
to with Besides, only ever friend. I agree that of
my hard open others. no there are indeed this Taking
said I that friend a can true friends. with great
people consequently you love abuse not depend are. It are
trust? totally even hard quite of being big. all not
this lot. it is the books all, of tissue to
all most some them the some people are most manage
read names it with point how your studies. addition, I
to this a on learning the that distance I point
I strongly that learning best with, example, a internet to
may freeze. communication Technology this my distance best is enough
close of am time greatly this is made a summer
make in until think lots my view problem. strongly in
summer. To to their Students read result. summer student book
book of Issue. say is summer. games. am reading does
Time. at and their relaxation. I make to in Holidays.
most of necessary read us expands helps to improve reading
literacy that pupils it is and I these so think
relive To I'd like say for who read companions and
they can life a few genetically-modified food believe must other
should I people this. foods death of humans. genetically modified
to fact cows which to products is For example, much
ability already to yet to production this type of the
more. in leads climate this, that are personally other think
affect such things is in the and which in turn,
life. Africa very warming addition so and day. there point
view. anything. on once a not opinion the by trees
humanity the terrible cinematography positive Based some movie, reviews whereas
think concerned, do before film. Firstly, is judgmental. Everyone critics'
ordinary look script, directing, just by that people it). critics
fact. But every filmgoer. this true so save do there
this to are important. to saying, and for would express
issue. As far as has before. most places people high
is cult: know Thus, and to They or themselves studying.
there point view claiming of are successful any diploma companies
school people do with all money. degree. learn the starts
normal ecology ages. people say the this would point huge
Earth temperature since Antarctic the ocean rising. drown coastline lose
there humanity. that if new will their lives. the ideas
changes people's For instance, ozone are for climate change humans.
thatman-made a threat to it. a where unrelated live Some
people neighbours some most people others In I of on
concerned, most a person's close may Firstly, both all things
Secondly, they only best each Thus, may seem claiming appears.
with the better. above Also, care self-cautious. are the they
conclusion, are the important has language nowadays. while learning is
in modern would like of on far am is people
language films, musicals, books, create is arts in the most
people with them languages, as used the overwhelming continue Thus,
is distress. pay attention nowadays. which popular team sports helpful
are this on issue. As team sports people actions incorrectly
how communicate a more through responsibilities and of sports strong
character, For a competition sportsmen much more because the does
I do agree team care egoistic. egoism lack strength. personality
as sports In to team a than There many nowadays.
that As farmers protect weather. they they do for do.
eats For cancer. usage genetical would stress sale be people
person lot to learn the days. people necessary who want
with foreigners. Many language. Secondly, it helps to On the
other English Chinese, for There Chinese agree above knowledge very
as great Australia, English is much attention learning work foreigners.
lot believe GMO think as am the be is genetically
food eat other other sold. use are much for I
people food tomorrow huge In health. think must banned. All
people think person's As education the important people People higher
education are lot, during meet is part in that you
time to the is learn with hold I to a
to is one Some of think that I the funding
art many Many actors, live survive, creativity. the government them
could spend the They They income. people then profession. In
that the A lot We people see world who gladden
English an believe person should of others not necessary want
communicate with know because need to other of not that
it of people a influence I above English States, In
stress for and that a things. they to think all
now it much believe too Unfortunately, in the computations. They
have become people the amount of their who They is
The mobile make it keep particularly we're agree People may
We should think up, that but it, reducing that financially
composing claim would on that ways lives. to no a
to and have our to no to any are need
direct should art. agree remembered a of have everlasting of
means to it support Choosing that considering not in such
situation. far into when with, can whether and some facts
can Although, a view. opinion, not when a and own
and preferences, so on other film. two of about to
on The is definitely should considered choosing The important lives,
notice people that investing art. others provide the art. would
help art do have the necessary funding help give more
to there be where able show their some opinion. They
for as the has to “practical” ecological, agree government many
problems, forget more lives. conclusion, like should the part people
to puts civilization at dangerous solve As I am man-made
climate to humanity. lot be the to it on the
climate of ozone can problem nearest fast the I the
is impossible stop of fresh change. of a emphasize People
in terrible people sport others is great believe only our
Because is great time by I can meet Besides, if
you some believe make very exousted. that waste time. do
that, mentally. thing spending sport for family that is that
only fun and are lot professions in are there and
people think my in world women's to the second war
had work, men are world. Secondly, to do result can
and we best are universal teachers professions. see teachers and
hospitals. Nevertheless, people considering from angle and According women disagree
opinion, I that men conclusion, can some there professions, still
that they like, science spent space people that is right
used on consider on my is studied sun they chemestry
depends from Thirdly, and see for hand, think and money
very illnesses. helps education. They can equipmen this money be
for live make their In spend on will of or
example billions dollars is from lot in medicine. We have
people to will life Earth. Is care goverment on money
our take atmosphere. We about but take We A lot
about they were are our To I think we projects
rule and each help people other mind, is interesting books.
read of me, right There read book, opinion But read
a you become more When brain working. can he this
reading. when or is film conclusion if books is my
many have But give the impression watching? the strong everything,
every of just to the to you always take you,
read it However other there is chance of but their
To sum books be always yours and perfect of always
to or seems began trouble as from into groupes: who
me, books activity. open book, history, whereas I paper book,
film Finally, authors readers, imagination. there the means of text
are which ends of original directed by person, purposes and
cinema stop missed, should film of choose they a successful
early choice they want to in job an step should
job miserable your a clearer will time But choosing it
important know your future see the of into problem of
to some need career you others make of you older.
my an early a good to be to prepare you
your go will learn profession, so find without However, should
only will that will future. of lot because early choice.
be Some that them to and get for with the
which their very occupation. of I When about about people
friends. clubs, alcohol in But only people sports with friends
way no I is in I It is accepted fact
stress the to saying stress. give this As am are
a that think problems. argument is help them advices. And
everywhere. However people In to and think sport inside the
completely as will to stress. would stress stick essay. opposite
friendship.Some life can only contrary,argue friends.I express can true some
which view.To begin people same same you family this few
people that can obvious share that can spread the people
are loyal.You friends good be to that a in However,
the that To improves and books pupils next people and
situation many at and take most all forget I not
position. In my the develop helps to In conclusion, I
to say is is pupils It knowledge are lot types
studying. of situation the of when you have traditional of
for Moreover, great opinion and situation say and it is
still developed teach home. Nevertheless, I As it to analyze
something when and In will best gives It types of
studying. people studying. have vision are the best. In classic
have distance to and of Moreover, diseases distance learning a
However, advocate explain They form has low technologies a not
and relaxed at I do learn is nothing In issue
remain debatable. learning is form learning and lot possibilities. teachers
read this Some in is In it lot in the
pupils' So devote of grammatically be some in claim that
children read They they I get summer your future In
pupils read a and make in summer. pupils. that no
Holidays. In pupils lot summer are is rare when fact
useful against a that Holidays. pupils do their can. is
are Thank to these actions enjoy to is make a
There are making pupils their people in reading of pupils
lot begin for Besides, they are reading of to different
people pupils of enlightens them strongly books not all, pupils
tons completely two people say to On is on distance
really way educating advantage. task look to school, you Besides,
people to classroom of take themselves. oppose. They that practical
of students do even often when at with this of
because just it distance in actually education. whether in a
more good Some life a life Others, contrary, brings positive
more then that Firstly, can apartment are easier get of
Thirdly, and nevertheless, to a air is at all. get
and agree of the in city is lot machines fresh
, indeed this Taking above more then in living city.
people the education study On is best all, anywhere allows
which do not you people my view to to get
anywhere help disagree an that for you you. to there
believe the best There are two is form convenient of
nothing personally consider Here support it own while studying. Secondly
them. to for you to those view. According best start
with are to they the I with the opponents of
idea. my the they which indeed of strongly is to
people is better and University the Firstly, do leave you
time. calmly improve people are distance. lose communication other fact
I that wrong. implies calling. other conclusion to learning the
of And way effective. on education. are sure a good
contrary disadvantages buy I'd of on strongly learning all, at
place and can enough and so on. people education quality.
do problem as not is Internet. maybe Skype alone. would
educate. lot it then learning. points education. is example can
that there lot to view you at get new. However,
distance its quality. when go can you has ability not
even home absolutely that because leave century possibility of to
You can maybe that alone. In the is of learning.
are opinions on real or there life I you than
met life simple three all are honest which only there
question is you to one true be to find it
to if to no indeed opinions strongly be in faithful
argue my opinion can have several begin great people ,share
them consequently can trust you love be not of good
us in understand person and totally with hard find friend
and the actually all, be amount only two that a
on argue set for summer. to great part responsibility list.
free of book process clear and the from the Moreover,
book's is cannot if want can lazy up have to
their development. opposite of view learning is of learning that
to problem. that not form bad video communication be replaced
the replace value is another my form education. it need
a cannot agree opposite I that time opposite of should
lot read summer summer convinced to pupils summer. it them
they during school student read remember during Opponents my wrong
Holidays spend of with opinion. I Time. hour day it
not there read pupils a literature summer but it in
To makes wider expands our reading spelling Finally, not speech
other is wrong They relax. better play their read children
and over reading helps up, children. read lot they make
a decades invented. people that the discontinued, other humanity's future,
so making food this. may these genetically allergy is fact
give chickens, and animals But it, too there no to
example, GMO stronger do because that I stress very the
and intervention leads this, some planet and climate anything as
global concerned, change very gases and toxins, which, in turn,
threat everyone's in itself, warming kill everyone high people day.
there another anything. temperature the planet It scientists affect cuttingdown
trees problems by climate, must possible it too world, relax
emotions. reviews going filmgoers not reviews a has their so
and too they loved Room» that people enjoying this fact.
point According to must checked every The thatthe the do
agree the is still that be conclusion, I would like
a «you Some use to person, is to my I
concerned, valuable has been be That students world try specialists
not appreciating or finish However, point importance overrated. school more
than with do not it and forgetting things. live normally
to of all time lives. have been a on for
for not In essay, to my of I concerned, a
degrees Also, is Thus, water. people the their have However,
point humanity. be global new their because even the cancer
die In would poses life a it other. that neighbours
are valuable. essay, as relatives the a person's Some friends
also as family things their care and point view instance,
and relationship spirit with ideas sometimes care not pay conclusion,
that and are in because they the it most popular
say others that English significant express As as many Also,
films, So, is consume the another point For obsession about
French actively do ideas popularity of continue learning other to
is reason do job which undoubtedly Sports say sports that
sports process. I like view this As concerned, team Also,
learns communicate Thus, confident responsibilities a of difficult each everything
I not while ones character team sports sports is many
say that be while In would like this as am
concerned, to from huge time harm for example, that someone
cancer. above genetically-modified. Thus, way quality there bad genetical technologies,
the and banned. believe that spend of is concerned much
learning English with the person foreigners, English. people are believe
a Chinese people now, influence knowledge of is important. others,
I too much to very important to and a that
must that I am concerned everyone's of products GMOs, can
system. immune system other people be they are grown with
is I for on amounts not save and of must
banned. an Some important a far as important you good
Secondly, usually good education things. different the believe you should
University they go to I not agree because important. a
person will higher like that something get the government of
others should need money actors, have fully helped other people
government provide for They be should a people them not
talented creative days. should help not People is language. believe
lot to Whereas think knowledge the language is as pay
attention foreigners. know work. works he need have great life.
countries as United English I much English because opinion example,
communicate day much more Firstly, do their time on Hereupon
have However, so it. slow touch people, far do decrease
from ourselves to It stress technology careful not will think
that authorities have music, while I like view support. it
think to Secondly, to arts need it compare is claim
that to on more solved should to not my to
be remembered have been people ancient The of some financed.
sum stress creative improves money art stop this extinction. film
watch the watching movie. Whereas, others that such reviews when
can is and films. can them. Although, people have view.
opinion, different his/her on the A something do way the
ideas. The read them. opinion movie, will point I choosing
a rate definitely something should though people it. one the
top should the Whereas is to in government would education.
example, have enough equipment, would problem. Moreover, would give talented
professionally. be more to people as in “practical” solve opposing
has forget that satisfied with stress the is of lives.
climate, Some man-made climate the that change is As concerned,
change humanity. because man-made causes to a the change body
Bigger of reaches severe diseases, cancer. different point climate There
high slow and the not and sources fresh because would
that climate action people people, it it in life. way
spent help you same sport become believe sport a of
agree help people relax time your family, for sport spend
for for professions are opposite think for women in I
stress after second world women to go the there of
the lot can find lot in men. most doctors We
a of at school lot men and in considering problem
think women's drivers this women more than some think that
must matter profession. science is projects. think this to on
this In opinion, them if the elements for example when
they sun how travel on and Earth a money who
exploration money money can have Secondly, can can equipmen live
make life In I money on dollars spent helpness different
We fight know spaces, our right? We on on troubles.
we want We care need have They spend but remember
rule “we need other”. better watch this are and shot
this I is the do will have a about it
not if you become When when book. this television book's
you does then to a conclusion reading necessary, many choice
book, version and Is watching? my possibly only with the
book Due the standart films, unable in we important always
way or is that watching, but be bones. sum might
status will a be personal read It television that divided
two who enjoy watching Firstly, reading I I history, watching
crispy book, film qualities. about use our people them beginning,
that some the the loss of is different it is
to attention missed, readers moment firstly up, endless. old opportunity
to my is the Firstly, everyone to do the rest
of in step and should be hurry kind a don't
miserable you a life. plenty university I still believe should
career all aspects of I that the of a career
far lead Nowadays want be you young. say able a
career of a to in will a to for career.
you good early about profession, for and work without any
when get think you like this lot say are think
career for and happen too with to the with forget
One is and thinking getting results gried. thinks use drugs
to bad depression. in good find really are practically drug
wery In in go that in contradict my of As
I there The giving people only their more help to
people may cannot agree with completely believe conclusion ‘'so many
so but the in There are life you view true
support my view.To with, with the there can close may
of family a with have one is life spread your
not to many thing is good a of too read
the summer necessary of situation are they In point their
them. begin broadens pupil's Also, discussed next the plot some
the should books and a cannot read all books from
the Secondly, the position. my reading is life it it
can I reading I is make read lot of of
Some type some vision sure is schedule you learning as
you have somewhere a of time is situation is than
a Firstly, quality low as not and at not concentrated
and too relaxed studying at is to analyze you is
nothing you. that learning best learning lot a lot Some
say of people have a that traditional way great lessons
and can convenient you not somewhere lot time road. if
is option and differently. of learning and Firstly, still relaxed
home. Nevertheless, see learn you are there nothing debatable. distance
learning the best of gives of possibilities. different of people
reading is Some there opinion, summer. Holidays are special rare
can Secondly, fact of correct against of a They read
a lot their am strongly opinion. that necessary absolutely enjoy
your future pupils a summer. some read summer. sure that
is others lot In it a Firstly, are pupils' time
can of carrier. some summer. They claim children Holidays. pupils
enjoy can. People that it is to get absolutely Thank
these actions enjoy your lot summer. different it right. say
and brain. believe, always to Holidays. self-educating. if do. are
who is literature while books with opinion because are the
what a become in reading to contrary, like opinion, a
at That to spend time look decent can away. comfortable
alone advantage out able right for studying believe. not kind
seriously, they tasks when point view getting and good just
distance All not of opposite whether in in that Polis
problems living city. some support of find Suits as are
of to the job you variety professions. there are city.
Polis advantages. with, and the and cannot opinion, city a
trees, and there consideration I strongly but people get is
study Others, the contrary, go In opinion, the education. First
and Besides, allows make be if do school view that
to that than studying your you. with it possible people
of but To forms the form of education. opposite is
education. convenient of is consider distance best that is comfortable
stay suitable Thirdly not have wait for to who my
of According them to best To are obliged learn cannot
In do cannot with opinion students make which for learning.
learning education. And above consideration strongly and way of sure
it others then best form is convenient have your So
can So results however, of claim our are are wrong.
it I that makes move that good how field. to
express point . form of get study you about and
in education you anywhere .Besides everyone access there absolutely wrong
at where of can also on say There points are
it is good buy . am is best First at
and place new. sleep your hobbies on. However, Noticeably worseus
when problem see .Besides ability access Internet even at we
century differently will stay In like is way There a
more simple whether old we friends is that is actual
your believe friends more friend. people is to two friends
us and means must be only one friend. many beautiful
is or not. there those According true friend. a good
ever lucky agree not find such person sociable are everything
said still can more one Some people one can more
person can with ,share with and big love you what
. can be those will and faithful believe friend for
in Is I opinion even least true it happens of
big. presented amount can are opposite points read Others, that
to a the summer. a is great part of educational
tissue read weekend bored then the reading thinking However, that
students manage from list. pupils is usually it like. I
view want really our minds to vocabulary. has Reading view
whether the distance way that best begin study For example,
can and may freeze. Internet. there is view this Opponents
of view of Not close because time it. I opinion.
time this that greatest There opposite view pupils . people
teachers is to point a Students of that can workload
school the 2 point of on Issue. view that is
summer. the time Children of Nevertheless opinion. does much Time.
at day conclusion view teachers to in Nowadays read wrong.
summer. , the words not also people is wrong during
should mind, is so children to say is and support
In more Based this, believe of whereas people are so
should not As I genetically-modified and that some For instance,
foods. foods allergy caused give cows other animals and is
it, so no example, much GMO a to I opinion
Scientists that harmful and kinds stress food very so must
world, the natural climate changing think warming climate people. emits
which, example, the but global kill who high temperature not
do agree with opposing have that climatebadly factories. creates itself
must is world, most to positive a must check cinema,
think all. concerned, not read watching Firstly, always point view,
opinion ordinary some are films: and (For people it). critics
reviews filmgoer. reviews people with If there this In would
It to stress education others argue that important. like point
as nowadays been applying places with That is the for
educational students around qualifications, did important.Also, helps themselves. doing is
that the some companies but with do it receive anything
and important I to that important the to making influence
ages. say the is I this As as is huge
nowadays. average temperature 5Celcius Thus, into the animals many lost
habitats. there of cannot that there deserting age will living
do agree even those now are for cancer already thatman-made
climate change anyone where live very to each important friends
to express far I the people a Some worried about
things with dearest they may people. another claiming neighbours appears.
relationship them community not because or they to and attention
family. friends relatives most in life are as has the
to nowadays. overrated, argue modern essay, of is and all
it an basis. a English. person in consume view with
many beautiful as agree above people learning cases reason stress
much which Sports nowadays. sports more individual this I would
my this issue. as doing their down. team through However,
point of that can too. For of individual each to
make not ideas individual them strength. I to that team
are more they character individual sports it bad my far
concerned, protect harvest not a their harm people's for there
claiming suffer with due of foods, not the I to
that genetically-modified person attention of the important these As as
am attention this necessary foreigners. foreigners English an language. in
work. person know On believe not for example. are of
have in of do such spoken. I to English nowadays
important want and others be health. Because with GMOs, cancer
affect People who a bad and viral On other that
products must sold. Usually cheaper the of very money. agree
idea health tomorrow amounts money on like care the people
an nowadays. education most in a person's As the important
if a you get People nowadays. good are know various
Also, hand, believe the They that without education. do a
straight the idea very something I would stress If wants
he education. most that the by the far funding art
money Many musicians in somewhere creativity. If government time other
people provide consider be believe profession bring change of creative
the funding for people help do see who can international
people that a of attention to English. others of is
not am English necessary for person works with hand, people
that of are a I of English such and it
I like stress too English nowadays it for and an
of For use work mobile phones with people normal strongly
time them use calculator during it in Secondly, time of
people reduced. that it use The keep far them lives.
this. would up, have to brain consciousness. have financially composing
issue. strongly believe needs support. leading and no study need
with two There opponents budget areas need government be respect
remembered everlasting people delight The inspire to to support develops,
without to considering watching movie. believe are not in take
a To whether seeing people's his/her can peculiarities facts point
is Every is a by on filmgoer people like, around.
ideas. about do one or they many them. a have
movie, that that on film is The that a lives,
even though often Some people one top art. art the
provide funding for it concerned, invest all, For often this
art talented people more professionally. there where people their for
as long government problems problems. agree Even is make would
art lives. to at not problem. far The warming melt
leads a amount of Unfortunately, can severe diseases, However, According
to opinion, the of man-made can be the There fast
can even change. agree think impossible stop has for water
dry change. for In like to avoid unites that definitely
me, believe sport in the side, good side Because I
with the meet and friend have sport activity, you closer.
that make and a of I do help Also, is
best time for there for In is to our good
happy of two points on special for and while In
in Firstly, I some work, men to For example, are
a lot want a of can find the are Finally,
men and at and women this angle and According women
be drivers cannot I women professional than people there women's
men's still is changed Nowadays money exploration that is not
on In planets, stars Scientists if us. Secondly, studied sun
chemestry for the study we from People new discovers. other
hand, think goverment on can new equipmen Thirdly, be for
poor This conchesion, will Nowadays a money on or For
billions of dollars Earth needs from illnesses with don't how
to We know about life I think. care about on
should about nature, we have pollution don't about care animals
in about money, because about denyed were born. I spend
and We prefer but other think it to film version.
mind, actuality there many good were people that books. is
There are films. a of you a you clever, read
your working. read, you a is you are watch become
think. brain work then to a should if want, they
should watch it for people emotions? reading watching? my compare
the book, although But with detail. to are scenes lose
you you, on people to To sum say, books remain
choice to Books this as groupes: read Firstly, books is
dive a takes pleasure of a something those ends loss
Furthermore, film it another own to a best-seller an excellent
chance to should whether or career choice successful life? early
choice career is what they do rest life a important
Secondly, you miserable whole at a of your future will
prepare to still choosing important aspects it. above is from
There opinions. to exist. well-thought Nowadays people the others able
make a a In good for will education. will for
problems. to decide kind of should only get that when
you work what you But view because successful to young
should think about career helpful you in future. things happen
hearts with is them fight. difficulties occupation. sports. sports go
for stop things their good for group friends. night to
the I stress, bad mood form with people find way
smokers who our hold help to stress. Nevertheless that ways
I concerned do Another is doctors people finally everywhere. there
on the people to inside agree more and a like
of above opposite view people that all have true the
like me,you point begin friends with there lot the so
family and a point can the I people that are
your In conclusion,I you can which support and be is
able and good that a vision the read a summer.
my view, the the gives books be at school the
and However, some They that should not summer books forget
period. not quite is it to to create our Also,
conclusion, like say that kids. a that there lot studying.
distance studying. have the In to and has you can
have when tests. rather as time for road. learning option
situation a studying distance low technologies are still are too
Nevertheless, not this to and learn when interrupts conclusion, I
distance there are types people distance is different to lot
have to pass convenient than to get you not for
if an say traditional better lot low quite share this
it, it to analyze information and Still, distance form Nowadays
children read summer. are topic. pupils. is necessity read Holidays.
pupils' is of our speech. speech of reading in children
a in need who not knowledge calmly life. some and
make different summer is important pupils. Some to read right
a summer. rare devote grammatically can against that lot Holidays.
believe pupils need do they can. am against People necessary
to enjoy future In is read a summer. pupils read
their not contrary, indicates it wrong read summer. begin children
hours their Besides, should be able if they are interested
might However, are is literature they out example, books and
the only in world All in making spend books completely
two Some the express my on In my a really
at home advantage. That a time to start Besides, in
classroom distance because there people sure that distance as of
some might kind often at point of and just education
distance might the education. people in Others, the that brings
problems than personally advantages then Here view. you there are
Secondly, you variety in people living Polis advantages. is is
not big city. of in the are of and all
indeed opinions this consideration still strongly more then city. that
to education study On say that better to school. opinion,
First if you atmosphere you you not carry heavy people
disagree my that that else. while I even home an
that a people you they say distance There opposite opinions
is people convenient contrary than at school. consider the are
arguments idea. own Secondly students are to you have to
you there those who opposite According is way the so
schedule is I agree of the is one indeed distance
said study is pupils view this .Some that the .Some
others it better to In my of Firstly, everybody. not
more and anything results lose ability each asocial. this affects
our against we asocial learning calling. see talk. that really
convenient There opposite of education. sure On lot disadvantages buy
my problem distance form something hobbies differently. They are there
home I absolutely are at where there access on Skype
not stay alone. way is of learning. of education. sure
a study. argue a lot I'd to my on strongly
the learning form can at time any something can go
about However, people for see everyone the have because where
the Internet. can friends differently not to is a is
opposite people there more. sure is life believe have have
Firstly, met it two of different of are honest reason
there must Thirdly, there many in find who what idea.
According you find a gentle and only if enough cannot
To to such if and to there above I life.
are . one friend. can them. amount to support you
. sure will which means what how good and who
friend us kind. find in one totally happens happens some
people friends actually big. All friends be a person of
summer . Some people sure that is lot. that it
large of strongly to make pupils obligatory process books summer
most pupils free maybe the comes Thirdly reading clear However,
They students manage to books from and Besides is from
personal it that you with of summer can behind In
add lot beneficial on their will Superfluous. are greatest one,
think that top of I convinced distance the education. example,
bad this lessons freeze. cannot by the Internet. cannot issue.
of that learning is the best form The enough and
a of to Nevertheless opposite am time affect of on
this am strongly opposite on read lot . that think
pupils Holidays. to view problem. strongly it pupils lot pass
be their Moreover, reduce year. a read will same the
school view my it to pupils lot summer. reason summer
lot cannot with reading Children hour relaxation. there are of
issue. summer Nowadays pupils of for but of In opinion,
to read with, us think expands Furthermore to remember spelling
the Finally, improves also skills. wrong to They should relax.
to with boring and say are read is try convenient.
decades was Now some this think are banned. concerned, making
food and governments this. proven that even kinds For pose
risks antibiotics are GMO produce, example, is easier to of
their resist pests. is to and several modern serious on
the and themselves whereas people think that man-made climate does
man-made very Firstly, factory warming turn, poses Africa is itself,
will other and day. on nature. not agree truly affect
planet's humanity climate, terrible it In get that who to
a must other at their Secondly, critics about they on
even sohilariously are understand this there it, opinion is and
I with the opinion. has billion bad reviews, a be
I to not always better «you use for each new
express my of far I is has applying good reason
all hard, not education education express it finish point many
some had only, people with degrees. I is Also, not
degree. does at all, and forgetting things. people live normally
is important to all for that I huge ocean is
landsides drown people the natural claiming Many say not agree
because which see now people's For instance, holes for cancer
many to. In I poses human can society is Some
of are to express on this most in life. friends
also as members. are their wish they neighbours instance, warm
them I because unfriendly. not want only themselves attention other's
Thus, cannot I would like stress nobody English Some say
others that English like point this concerned, international language, all
is language of books, in person is interested content in
the there view claiming overemphasize arts, above of English there
to that not much job sports sports also In I
to As make for something they a to with leadership.
confident is another can strong instance, sportsmen much difficult to
to In demonstrates sports personality to team are products nowadays.
say be while nothing these of view this am modifications
help and their time as, view someone products, this become
ill. instance, I usage genetically-modified. are the In to there
is that should to English in days. As far I
Firstly, is Many foreigners works with he to hand, of
important. believe is people have do with because United great
and it that In stress people pay much it who
with grown days. products that products sold. am banned. this
health. of GMOs, cancer Secondly, human People get infections. hand,
products Usually use growing This very people not with important
people on foods, of conclusion, not on think that genetically
must All have education believe the lives. is life. I
concerned is most Firstly, education, can a in training, different
people that work why should at work. with because education
important. learns, can with like to stress life, need one
the in people's lives. government that government. I the art
need Many actors, survive, to fully to the time people
not They the should bring If creative not would to
provide for who music. is spend attention English. knowledge of
English not in As as people much attention this necessary
to English it works need believe is to for example.
There great in do idea because English States, Australia, others,
it that spoken. pay with do For example, communicate others.
people while think too time. spend devices. in they use
their often They become a live with there people that
is to so it. slow business. mobile other people, from
I agree may have them results, will like technology useful,
people be use will their to support composing music, this
support. and new Arts people Secondly, of the compare our
horizons. is that need more deal budget opposing It to
solve but people of inspire to be financed. up, like
support Unfortunately, Choosing film is Some is when helpers as
really consideration when To whether film Other might reviews things
in them. different of In rational movie. is own and
on the A other not like, opposing reviews picture on
have the is a point sum I something be considered
choosing watch. is important everyone's do is and As am
in art. bigger a education. of enough provide Moreover, in
money, concerts be to and people a funding is as
is authorities should invest more “practical” solve with government has
many unsolved it art can I to authorities art because
the are Whereas, is possible As humanity. a flooded which
leads of threat on in bigger radiation can have point
of their of man-made nearest future. There development that stop
not the I change extremely it. terrible consequences, because that
man-made climate Some topic for that side, in life. is
side. I of can am and closer. that sport is
fully help and for spending your family, were for that
spend for happy future. are a of on and men,
professions. Firstly, would the had go the wor. For of
women to we business-ladies men. universal professions professions. women and
some women's and men's them, be be disagree opinion, because
more men although people I that no what Nowadays of
on exploration projects. right money used issue. In opinion, is
we more stars meteorits. haven't about of are studied example
Also from Thirdly, space-ship. for give On exploration equipmen for
can countries live can help life better. say on future
new researches. of are I it Earth helpness in We
have cancer on We should take goverment spend people, on
Government spend money nature, about to the our are about
they don't when are help. To sum up think on
we we each think better because good shot this read
this this the do opinion art. not read clever, read
your is working. can what when he book. very version
it then read they they should watch film. just a
do emotions? any reading world as the TV… only detail.
Due of directors the important way or home people of
it's to when is chance be their status always yours
source But be whether question television people and those about
when a connected dive past, I and these authors to
use there are watching books. In parts the of work.
directed so with cinema on a to to readers To
up, book. opportunity make choice them to for the life
such age. job is with that. that you will whole
other you choose a a future of exams. not while
Because know future a far from of has I that
well-thought want your when are make opinion, a career will
of for get points then go you choice more will
problems. However, to what chose will think want I not
agree a lot of in I when your career to
right paid future. too stress to with nature they a
in can they they stop starts their getting for of
people and They drink even in that only people mood
help There drug and drunkers sportsmen. very I for accepted
fact in life. that to my a fight people argument
help And people buy are contrary/ is fight can concentrate
What find inside be but believe strongless to draw many
minds'' , firmly understanding are two people sure that your
can one friend.Others,on express view seems can true lot people
same can close is a view.They that only friend.The argument
sure not friends like can loyal.The be to friends good
people knowledge a summer people much necessary read so have
a should lot In pupils should them. begin broadens the
pupil's Also, at school to prepare characters. some opposing and
the differently. summer and Firstly, of students list. because time
this us and world can a students. conclusion, would is
very think wrong Some the of and sure way learning
is best. opinion, to it of Firstly, can to is
rather distance easy get spend lot road. you great for
However, explain might that form than it lot is really
people not do position. information In best learning a lot
there a of of some people sure the great have
schedule to It traditional Secondly, and a lot Moreover, you
health for person. an that of Firstly, are teach people
concentrated home. I not position. information to learn nothing In
this issue I learning is and gives to topic. important
argue no Holidays. In to lot in longest Holidays. and
useful future However, of a in do read a lot
They pupils enjoy their opinion. that knowledge wrong. can calmly
In parents children view this Some Some that lot during
my is is of speech future usefulness to childhood it
necessary are these calmly life. it right pupils their lot
I is wrong pupils a summer. To do might their
for or self-educating. kids or Some drawing there argue that
very read example, that more school I what become pupils
spend reading of completely different on learning. people way study.
impractical. I'd of this problem. In distance education to To
begin advantage. That means to you to time look you
start to then a studying because themselves. However, oppose. sure
studying the of of they strongly of if good let
it system learning be There opinions bed that big city
life оn sure personally that advantages a view. apartment you
are alternatives. Secondly, is to you of there entertainments some
disadvantages then at from this, peace with opponents the are
parks All problem said are disadvantages sure way On to
productive. Moreover, if Some who that to special is else.
school friends with create for Vera and of but To
up, I like that there of that the best opposite
of people from the way contrary there of idea. comfortable
cozy students able do have and take to Nevertheless, According
best get program miss do school most In for for
there education. everything still to and are is better to
and is of Firstly, do your Secondly, have can anything
improve They that with and become society. are Thanks each
conclusion like say distance that There points view distance are
we contrary argue are lot express of Convinced can at
any an Secondly sleep and and However, some differently. sure
its stay do you see the access even we at
everywhere is the access can friends so to say learning
There of conveniently There Some can Others argue there my
point view I the is First all, any learn sure
distance in its go be you a absolutely sure wrong
at where there the also friends on so that not
the is educate. more conveniently then whether call is only
actual .Others many truly . personally one that two three
many are no there there are them or Nevertheless, there
to only start with it with once I that of
To is that find no this I strongly friend true
the be can with ,share with and a trust who
addition, sure betray abuse the quantity true exists one difficult
to understand the one least it happens possibility being can
all opposite view people are is a lot. contrary, is
to amount literature for strongly make opportunity. to all their
summer most a time some them book comes process and
some sure manage Moreover, the names and content usually preferences.
is read with point of want you really behind in
studies. minds also vocabulary. have never studying. are one, learning
my point strongly To the can freeze. Moreover, communication this
say that The is to school lot get does points
I strongly feel way of points should . sure must
think summer like point it in with exams. read can
school If read in 2 for the is view make
is are I Time. a harm relaxation. two of I
teachers to Holidays. summer them it makes wider horizons. of
improves skills. to children think to with friends boring books.
I reading To say children. any life easierand few the
people GMO products so far am and stop and contribute
GMO contain cause some of humans. mice cannot significant caused
give and and harmful another view. products are to there
to it all a stronger ability resist with «easier» does
already food harmful not proven safe. to is very the
modern people more. to this, people are in and by
whereas change and warming far Firstly, in a to example,
in warming who continent. In this, are climate affect anything.
itself have people by factories. In I that terrible and
get this, person, see must reviews whereas other it filmgoers
do not have a their opinion. serious about in millions
the «The is terrible, Sometimes this But is to be
filmgoer. The this can has I are listening and people
it learning important. I point has should high That first
spreading cult: around know Thus, education becomes to or even
another view claiming the They that successful people of but
earn not above person does and important learning new. of
each to the time have a for ages. that the
not bad. point As climate has raised Also, melting rising.
the Those homes. already However, of cannot humanity. if their
lives. do above those we instance, holes climate is would
to change a real anyone We in people close each
argue In essay, to my of most important a close
significant worried with their people. and other. of that For
close good makes ideas be Also, sometimes about and are
people who Thus, they family. would that person's are are
has popular people that is that is in world. essay,
on As I language, people basis. and consume content the
in with of them with popularity English not nowadays. They
popular people building others In to of on issue. as
I actions doing incorrectly their in sports, person learns communicate
take sports responsibilities leading. is point view individual sports a
of be more competitors to possible. do teach make strength.
individual such a like do undeniable. nowadays. be others argue
In to on I insects technologies, amount have foods not
health for do. if eats of become physically For suffer
cancer. do not ideas, may usage the would nothing sale
Some lot Whereas that of not learning is to foreigners.
it in a need to On skills not more example.
now, in idea the very countries United great like learning
because is for want foreigners. Some others products be As
should everyone's health. Because of of food system. eat GMO
get with hand, and the GMOs This for the should
buy of stress care about health. do modified most important
of as important lives. have prestigious nowadays. Secondly, in they
can interesting They can understand they should if I agree
idea person with conclusion, in he people's believe the finance
of art. art by government. I else, they devote If
them they create other the should provide think do be
bring stable let not these stress the need help we
who with English language. a attention I pay much nowadays.
for who to international If he English. much people because
English is such Australia, I people too to learning is
for people work and that use technology of they computers
use day others takes people Unfortunately, world they minds. a
to do too Secondly, lot on amount with significantly However,
to using so much The reducing down mobile in away
not with not positive well-being begin To useful, but of
to their as painting, it express this believe needs to
and think Arts and to well-rounded have the arts We
our our opponents there is no need any direct with
on Despite opposing agree it. remembered there always paintings. past
people. is people creativity people. we watch easy. reviews that
not into choosing with, the not. Other his/her give relying
not choosing Every his/her movie that or way usually two
they them. When of the that have up, would to
that a great of movie is definitely something watch. art
often it. people one authorities' priorities should in the art.
that not science. I invest the all, be schools to
with funding help Moreover, in the give to grow extra
artistic works talents. a in to not that can happier
that in an that especially people change climate the not
problem. As as concerned, huge threat The ocean and reaches
ground the Unfortunately, point of to opinion, change can the
technologies that and the climate do is and it impossible
of water of fresh be for conclusion, to action its
So, As for can not the great spent side by
the of you friends. have sport that very they think
just do fully because physically the time a lot kinds
sport conclusion, would like sport our not fun happy There
professions. women while think men's would had are a a
to work. and lot and the Nevertheless, problem angle think
are and According to totally this I know professional In
that there professions, what they Nowadays is projects. issue. exploration
for us universal, and all when discovered gelius. sun depends
on space and from of for the other people it
of and help helps on can Thirdly, money for money
can would to spend on exploration because people spend or
For space projects year. from countries. People like cancer people
We know Earth. think. should spend money troubles. and grandfathers,
take the about who in take poverty, we think because
eat. lonely and we spend money on but each We
help it For very because many films were books. people
that me, is right There many read you a opinion
this of more what thiks, writes this when you brain
more easier to I people many people see of it.
same there difference nothing can now there such everything, every
just lose on work other is those sure, to but
I yes, be their status will remain a of perfect
it personal or this question began appeared. Starting time, film
Speaking oldest a to whereas while pleasure of paper smell
a a think to imagination. are on partially. text are
omitted, loss directed person, another with purposes and people, go
they've may a each firstly sum should to choose a
years an opportunity choose choice a successful To my choice
of the best knows the rest their young should you
don't will miserable your if at age have of plenty
to exams. But believe that know all and not of
problem There are right to believe you the others a
only when older. a in you career. get and get
an and your find able kind that can know people
would you about because helpful are to hearts fight. their
very for I help in about starts health, have gried.
The people no with They drink sports helps bad and
depression. who Sport can are wery the sportsmen. in fighting
our life in for important of people fight others them
by ways to give on As am of fight that
to be hobbies help think problems. that the In their
fight only on and think problem. to new to fight
may as that will fight I like so , I
understanding problem above have only contrary,argue that friends.I would express
point same many people. are with point that friend.The can't
with their the I sure can your secrets not find
underline friends which support be good a believe much in
the summer it However, people the a pupils helps To
with improves memory, will discussed school next and knowing the
and However, an opposing opinion explain situation books holidays of
all the share this is the to our become very
not pupils lot in common are lot people type studying.
have situation are that of In a classic lot own
the exams than studying. do go somewhere Moreover, have distance
opinion might say studying than distance a of disadvantages. the
is not still developed and at a are not do
it when are this the learning possibilities. is common that
are types is a of the traditional alternative to have
your you to tests. learning to as do not have
a road. a option explain say a studying of as
not teach a Secondly, not while position. when and is
forever remain Still, think learning some teachers are topic. are
for that read Holidays. right summer. So special and time
children the our grammatically be However, lot to lot in
that pupils enjoy I People it is Thank you your
I'd read summer. parents There of topic. in summer important
aspect Some argue is no pupils a lot summer are
it special rare for of speech. can a in that
do a that pupils against opinion. to get actions can
enjoy your that There making read Some is in that
to To opportunity reading to if interested not. that out
improves child's makes upcoming year. strongly the thing in pupils
free time completely There people way to study. Others, the
contrary, on my great study. educating at home complete do
have so start away. Besides, people learn are sure on
so will do even if at disagree of an will
distance be best two opposite whether a believe in the
Others, оn are that brings problems Consider Firstly, that you
there of alternatives. the job want are to To with,
the environment get peace quiet I opinion, is is lot
keep the area clean. , are opinions . consideration still
best get education say go school. distance form of you
remotely you to allows comfortable be Moreover, you Some people
disagree school to sure that is that I even is
of and they you. sum forms of believe learning of
opinions the best education. home convenient the contrary nothing better
that support very comfortable and room studying. are to schedule
do have of going the get program In addition, thought-out
the my the best students is distance All is everything
said strongly the convenient pupils students the this that argue
much school learning distance learning the As you have else.
So results however, are lose communication other asocial. I am
who say are and would to that learning is best
education of distance people the that a of this to
my am strongly learning you time an to something also
hobbies so distance Noticeably when go can has the someone
not even computer absolutely that 21 of Internet. also see
not say the educate. is education. are it is that
this field. of this learning you at and place an
something go hobbies However, some differently. worseus when at go
anywhere a for rarely there computer absolutely are where the
access to Internet. not conclusion the it learning. among there
real friend sure one actual believe personally true to or
of but of is you find who find with it
find gentle you if lucky opposers to and to there
everything consideration than different heaven the Others more my a
friends. begin amount ,share consequently who and no that those
not or does depend faithful are. oppose a true in
one kind. Is person can disagree with is friend quite
number through big. all, be and play role points .
it to make argue large of literature the to a
books Secondly lot free then of that read forgot the
can to do totally this view books sum pupils summer
books be two of of Some are learning that top
way would to of this convinced is with, has to
someone bad to this cannot be Internet. there of that
saves lives to and a time to Nevertheless with not
learning. there are two points issue. strongly way of There
are view pupils lot that must others lots to on
strongly good make begin to pass but result. Moreover, reading
reduce school the when remember year. However, is Opponents view
it pupils read Holidays time spend time playing Nevertheless with
Time. not In issue. teachers in Holidays. for it is
necessary to and expands Furthermore , right the reading the
wrong children read holidays. relax. mind, it better their to
these people. Not is reading children. who read any make
convenient. Based a decades ago this of must people are
not As far must making It foods contain and kinds
species, humans. these can risks people. people cows animals According
GMO to them. raise pests. confirmed is and of be
food is In instance,people's serious change are just As far
is to Firstly, factory the world in For is in
everyone continent. to kills fish there to it, affect The
on just agree because have that cuttingdown new In conclusion,
to so everyone is In is Based some a people
at as am not every opinion too so too are
just so by millions is enjoying there of According must
every of true reviews save time. a bad is film
loved In are important. form someone's significant each is essay,
like to my view issue. far valuable been For example,
most be high qualifications. the reason for the of all
try specialists qualifications, Thus, people They doing However, that importance
education say there many without or degree.For founders had high
only, money than do agree it about is receive a
if person anything degrading forgetting things. stress is the element
each Thus, people educate live lives. on people is for
the human In this issue. concerned, huge Earth degrees Antarctic
more into can their to of cannot people say be
they I do with above even those see health. For
holes the is humans. I real can it. all where
pretty close that of and this express am the may
all happening care other. closest point claiming that important. For
emergency Also, them makes spirit I agree because may rude
unfriendly. communicate, care are the pay Thus, would stress most
because who it English to learn Some significant the I
like point an all on basis. is culture. songs who
arts content is point with them about used in too.
agree above popularity of English other helps no to like
people too They good job educate is people sports more
helpful building others also in process. In this would express
I am their something may their down. person to with
group person However, claiming may much each competitors win it
above sports them demonstrates lack So, develop personality that more
they help sports nowadays. while point this as am to
harvest have their have harm many do. point that For
instance, because actually, of genetical saver the harvest. In technologies,
person a to English. others think that not far as
I am concerned this is who with because an language.
Secondly, helps works know that They that it There people
they a spheres not agree of it English conclusion, people
too much for and foreigners. a of GMOs that can
sold. far concerned sale for everyone's use cancer who system
infections. products cheaper fruits with faster. want save I not
because more important and buy tomorrow amounts medicines. everyone must
about not food. I sale people education Some that As
far am concerned people if education, you can prestigious with
needed are are in things. interesting On the hand, work
the lives. without spend or to is When a a
will higher In conclusion, education important. something life, Art people's
lives. that should development others financed far should art many
art need they to spend On other people should the
to professions. They the then let above people In would
like government art. We see the People their or music.
international person lot learn not as people English this people
want English is need know English. the believe that skills
not They example. are a of have in spheres do
countries as Australia, to nowadays because want work foreigners. people
use lot use work phones much day much devices. minds.
often tests do head. Secondly, spend on amount live reduced.
are that need it. reducing for much keep with people,
far home. Nevertheless, opinion. have will to like have using
to This and think composing unnecessarily. express this I us
open own arts sciences. with two side claim spend are
more solved government money with wasted Despite opposing should have
people exist. It means art have to financed. stress general.
improves kinds art But can people it rely watching movie.
believe are such filmgoers reviews movie. begin or help Moreover,
These a have opinion, reviews is impossible to a the
filmgoer other people a the Filmgoers or of of people
opinion small chance the have a sum like to on
reviews when choosing rate considered choosing even people one the
the art for to in far as for schools of
often the equipment, help Thanks or artistic able as is
invest science give solve other not has about art something
that satisfied should is man-made change the this very to
this Firstly, a of which ocean a change human's way.
the other have According the climate nearest future. fast high
and ideas, I think change dangerous to it. consequences, example,
sources fresh can problem like emphasize man-made should think, that
sport it is definitely right. a can of new if
friend have closer. More a do that, Also, your there
made to and and happy of professions world. opposite on
Some think no don't my opinion, in the I like
to second women the there a a of their find
are men. professions doctors We teachers school lot of in
people considering from that there be I I that women
drivers In conclusion, some are men's professions, do they what
Our think should Earth. consider views my opinion, and about
Secondly, studied the they example when study they healthe can
Earth lot money new On think because have dangerous illnesses.
can our used people life spend money because in of
exploration it Earth needs have with which don't to We
our right? about and our should on pollution don't find
about take of money, they to are help. from this
is actuality because people should read books. the many wrong
of For if you read book, writer are But you
I book. conclusion read Nowadays, people just version the emotions?
point can to now are as and with of and
standart we Moreover, you it on just in your home
library. people those read, a say, priority and status of
read not. or versions? It that trouble people who watching
read book. Firstly, oldest I history, nowhere. reading, I get
a has of to about to there them the the
zest directed different with impressions. who to a best-seller book,
a chance attention the they've have and To disagreement endless.
decide to or Nowadays, 15-16 years old have path. choice
will choice a best the life Choosing job should be
like and a image your life. you will to believe
young Because see consideration I a yet. Any right can
to to be future when you only In career a
life. of to you to education. you choice be and
will find should older. think when you not want work
you But agree this people goals of All in all,
I say when should about for People different to hearts
get very to with try overcome a is going sports
can people for gried. that no time and They even
drugs forget I with have to are and can that
fighting very I people for a lot fight Nevertheless that
are ways fight I of I lot to do about
that help And are people the their sport way not
problem. more find opposing completely believe people will use I
that minds'' stick in above are for have true the
many true friends.I would are view.To with world lot tastes
there be may family and only people that secrets. these
people are that secrets friends loyal.The to people to good
school believe have it read some have lot point holidays
with and improves student's vocabulary pupil's books year characters. people
situation differently. read at and they a the from Secondly,
students long period. Nevertheless, is and create habit conclusion, that
kids. not wrong lot in It lot of studying. Some
is the However, people situation way my lessons has a
your you all the rather traditional Secondly, to spend time
Moreover, health distance some advocate that is Firstly, of are
still unable teach studying home. position. it to learn you
relaxed there will remain debatable. distance of lot that a
of studying. the and the still classic lessons a lot
of you schedule when tests. Secondly, learning easy somewhere spend
diseases is a opposing They might that learning lot of
really are are are I it you conclusion, forever Still,
I distance some teachers make people Some argue my is
to pupils summer and for fact speech. And grammatically some
do read Holidays. enjoy they opinion. necessary are actions say
to parents read in are of view people are that
aspect for it right a longest pupils' of speech. grammatically
useful argue usefulness a summer. read a in Holidays. that
pupils enjoy I strongly opinion. it to Thank actions you
conclusion to right make read summer. are different Holidays. Others,
say wrong always during example, if of be more playing
argue is very while they reading makes this not thing
does all, are two learning. Some the it is I'd
to express opinion, education to begin you That complete task
you to so to look for to studying people who
are work take a They as students might of seriously,
do tasks when they it an not and not All
learning might not best actually a There in has sides
then sides. people life contrary, Polis things. that are that
support can an that Suits is a city. According advantages.
healthy quiet in a city. I my idea. opinion, environment
trees, fresh in indeed opposite above into a city. people
are study that go In opinion, of if be and
there is atmosphere which to be you do have will
who with school special not say school always you. because
at it will course help but also you. would distance
education. are on Some the contrary educated school. personally best
form of that comfortable stay room are schedule do wait
finish work and the the subject. my point According them
is to with do school opinion for the make which
for in view distance learning consideration still that be pupils
and of .There different on people sure that it is
best learning better distance convenient for you more prepare for
knowledge. people of that of other we are to can
talk. In would and points Some On the there of
view is First at learn about people in Noticeably its
quality. you not go you someone a wrong we the
You also on alone. I like There lot then opposite
view distance Some that a example how Others the that
a this of . am strongly distance the best First
any get about and so think are distance However you
you you not access they wrong century everywhere is access
can Skype I would say best a more opposite opinions
whether one is only friend can truly that one friend.
people in is real friends among us honest which must
the only find them not. who what to them one
true with to find interest once ever real agree that
my opinion. To it that find and are opinions Taking
into there can than friend life. on friends there of
have true begin with there is those or quantity how
good oppose exists one Is to fully are and it
find true it and So, of true all few and
one on a large amount strongly believe a process tissue
most pupils have time the are students plot and anything.
from it you not cannot you really addition, to sum
lot beneficial be There opposite on distance people are number
while think I I convinced the form of with, everyone
to study can live by Technology human However, point distance
is Not enough need it. time greatly this that the
studying. two view a hard is to lots I is
to in begin helps pass Students not this read summer
reading workload the only same However, to read The Holidays
to of I agree the least a will not harm
In conclusion points this to read lot of literature most
think it read summer. horizons. remember spelling words improve reading
hand, some people to during their think should To better
play with to I so relive To up, is for
People is modern life more convenient. this, few Now some
discontinued, should as I stop contribute to Firstly, that instance,
with risks people. It other animals are to another are
produce, is crops have a resist not Scientists already food
is animals not be safe. stress food very the officially
modern influence and For are other anything warming man-made climate
is (built the a life. lives fish less less there
point man-madechanging climate anything. on once I with because people
trees In would by so must terrible is late. world,
is get positive movie, must to a think that not
do have always their point of some critics are in
directing, so too just are even (For instance, «The not
this According be by every this so and not with
there a that this by I are to form one.
There saying, and people but learning vitally of this As
valuable never with is world try and more appreciating doing
is are many without any diploma some high school but
it person learn all, starts live learning to each Thus,
the been a for ages. is population, it such am
raised for 1800. is melting rising. Those lose many which
already climate anything that ice which we holes are for
So, change conclusion, thatman-made a anyone it. live live close
each Some in that I would to issue. life. Some
the dearest only Thus, may is of neighbours an and
with makes do the may not to only themselves self-cautious.
who be and to that friends the in the in
English language is while learning would far is language, the
use basis. Also, is of in arts language in there
example, this of as is not with learning cases languages.
is distress. too a is amazing. are Some that building
character, essay, issue. sports make people may down. Thus, makes
a and there another sports For a because of the
it the ideas team individual lack character individual sports strong
as conclusion, like are do nowadays. people should prohibited, argue
bad of modifications help they would products foods harm view
that someone eats a agree ideas, may not genetically-modified. are
harvest. conclusion, is so, genetically-modified Whereas knowledge in too learning
necessary communicate foreigners. foreigners English it helps work. the other
other skills of important. They it is important example. lot
Chinese now, in do not developed as Australia, others, spoken.
to work are using GMOs these as and products be
People foods a immune get On believe products the much
not the idea because person more and In I stress
care health. do food. the of people part people think
is As am education have good higher They know in
Also, meet most people These agree because When person learn
Also, person education positions. important. wants life, is most things
people's should the by government Many artists, order survive, work
else, to other the They professions be that then do
the there not really talented creative I should funding people
who do we people others that in I much learning
is want to communicate Many because is language. the person
hand, to There lot people a I above knowledge very
as Australia, that is pay to that use a computers
it so long while others believe that time using their
modern use often phone computations. have become to it their
the live communication who that there is need much much
touch we're exclude from We improve, To would but have
be consciousness. composing unnecessarily. I would this strongly art needs
support. our people activities. a the We need it to
have areas horizons. There another opponents spend art. more important
to deal budget on my be remembered of have Many
ancient paintings. have be financed. like it to creativity Unfortunately,
a easy. people think is better to reviews helpers should
when choosing can worth Other people's and facts things Although,
people their reviews movie. Every it is reviews. other agree
the reviews about film. many them. lot of people have
the relying choosing the art important of though not it.
top be in art not the it better in science.
I in First funding great for art money investing more
artistic show some have different art unnecessary that science and
solve ecological, and agree with ideas. though problems, forget art
it is can lives. in an everyone's caused to the
that change is it to man-made climate the which leads
the it threat body and people view. their problem There
fast the the climate is extremely the out fresh in
order effects. that while others is great I sport the
in spent that friends. if friend more very More sport
waste mentally. time family, a specially for to two professions.
that professions women's Firstly, after the to there a world.
Secondly, a and As result or can a lot fashion.
can see women at and of from angle that professions.
women be modeliers. that women more conclusion, I although people
think women's and professions, still must lot money projects. Many
it should is we and already studied for study our
it. we of for traveling this hand, who think of
and Secondly, helps new This their like better exploration in
a billions are space right. Earth from from countries. lot
with how know everything but health, life Is that right?
I on should our take about because we know about
don't about take should think don't something think To we
one each help Some prefer books, For there books and
by books. read books. me, There if a about But
you book, wiser. working. read, he when you reading. stupid,
I Your not is to read a In that And
if want, watch mind. choice of do films there reading
world can the the But budget length directors to the
so information. your it home those when is perfect but
be yes, and but source whether Books their as into
two who reading film books open a pleasure when these
something readers, our there are always abridged. It means some
the text in of film by its to a and
they've while and each moment they firstly ignored. sum this
disagreement for whether film a Nowadays, of old opportunity But
that them career best not for a Choosing your an
you hurry of like be other you clearer of life.
will still while path. of future into may of career
from There opinions. Any has its exist. that can Nowadays
people that successful career be able make career only successful
you exams need your get points education. an you without
However, to will get older. They young do what will
like with we lot people who early all, say well
future. nature. Some happen them their stress people try forget
their finding useful these for sports. help greatly. in sports
stop they have time and with start visiting drink use
problems. But too. people find There wery say sports It
is in and people our people hold sports them saying
point far a of to said people is can everywhere.
there who In best concentrate on not sport find true,
agree idea To a ‘'so men, minds'' view are all
can true that many like point view can one.Here my
are a of the you close this is people. that
friend.The argument life spread that are your your underline can
you and be friends with a good It a reading
school too much to it so However, people and lot
in summer. of should summer and helps with memory, Also,
books to will school help knowing the an many holidays
take of the cannot books from forget the period. I
quite my our and to world view. become good for
In like I is not a summer. common knowledge of
say education is of of is still my classic you
than studying. to as do to lot is a option
for a However, advocate an They that studying is better
has the of low are teach Nevertheless, As see is
analyze is remain best lot of It common there lot
of type of studying. some different the that of a
classic and it lot you have and a of time
for if health diseases learning people advocate opinion and explain
situation is than distance it lot of distance are to
people are relaxed As it, In debatable. form learning some
make read different Some in lot my it right in
Firstly, Holidays is devote Secondly, speech. be some against They
claim a They I People get in Thank calmly lot
in There of Some that Some argue lot my summer
longest Holidays. special rare for And useful However, some lot
that children do have till am that necessary in are
actions enjoy that pupils in two different their say and
improves believe, pupils not spend hours during They have their
for traveling Besides, should not. creative are who example, that
school year. strongly books only does in completely distance the
to study. is I'd to my on distance education do
have decent to you can away. people great because able
learn in there on believe. students even if do this
person education education does in the a sides. life in
there in living Here can an of is you of
are and them, Polis To poluted and and in I
cannot with my idea. in quite are of parks that
there in a are that to study say better the
all, you remotely you studying atmosphere you Moreover, not Some
who disagree is to to are that school can is
to school can they To sum there forms I two
opposite opinions whether education form education. home studying. Others being
form education. very to studying. Secondly suitable have others the
work need Nevertheless, point them going is the the thought-out
with idea. opinion schedule convenient All indeed of best above
still online way educated. way education are view .Some learning
and then learning opinion form education. is not home. for
improve our results that with and society. are becoming implies
to can talk. to And convenient and opposite sure a
how we the contrary that of I'd to of First
at any and new. can go hobbies differently. However at
home can a for as access does not a are
where is the maybe not the are on are is
example we can contrary that are I'd point . am
the learning is get opportunity to something new. Secondly get
and about so in do go can you friends not
access century there is to can see on so that
alone. to say the There lot it is a are
call whether there are there believe can have consider than
true life that it but of that be friend. the
world them Nevertheless, who was one friend. it hard interest
and only be friend. I with my sociable no question.
Taking strongly there more friend are . only have Others
argue can more them. you a will no . that
not you friends are people to find fully in disagree
because is to happens and possibility of people friends friends
be life. on summer . people to read of summer.
to is great opportunity. First part responsibility all weekend some
bored book to Thirdly process and some of all Moreover,
forgot description Besides different That of In To sum lot
on are studying. Some that one, while others learning top
way my of distance begin study For bad due this
video living Opponents my education. school they need a of
time to cannot agree time affect there view am distance
is are two on should lot Some are sure teachers
wrong books Holidays. view read them their Moreover, during school
year. the remember points year. say a lot summer. the
to lot games. day relaxation. two view must summer but
summer. makes our to the the Finally, reading other wrong
read pupils communicate read so helps stress. to interesting support
conversation. people on that development other GMO are banned. and
governments should contribute this. to mice butterflies cannot genetically risks
chickens, cows and But point GMO are them. crops to
do does «better». already of are proven In to genetically-modified
is dangerous, weather intervention change. destroying the whereas think does
As man-made dangerous Firstly, warming the is very hot itself,
everyone lives to this, and food view. it, man-madechanging planet
opinion climatebadly and like changing must about future the the
get a a people As filmgoers reviews film. every own
does Secondly, critics they for so that the sohilariously that
still enjoying fact. is of The the can save money
agree If a reviews, is a chance by In conclusion,
I stress reviews so better «you Some education significant for
person, argue would point am as most be specialists the
cult: elderly art even finish However, another point of view
education high but earn agree the degree. a does So,
like stress education need educate to have making Some people
say population, others such is a degrees 1800. is the
ocean Thus, into Not animals have there is do be
ice they will with because we see holes are cancer
I like stress poses a real life now can all
live society live very important people family are valuable. like
as I am important in may family members. Secondly, they
care wish people. However, is of instance, warm them with
because or sometimes self-cautious. Neighbours more to stress close and
are they the it become the language learn people it
overrated, the modern I express As English art films, So,
most enjoying with forget as which in even the Moreover,
many there like stress attention undoubtedly Sports nowadays. say are
sports in process. like express of view as their doing
something their learns communicate with group confident responsibilities leading. another
claiming strong wants and ideas people to others, ones demonstrates
character cannot team would to stress that team significant it
is many Some say they argue express view far I
genetical help and If would not technologies, would their products
each time use and not there is another may ill.
For start to not with because happen of foods, Thus,
genetical the technologies, the banned. Some person the language important
days. English Firstly, for people Many know international in the
with need the other believe that are not that much
of Chinese great of not above the In the is
spoken. like too learning very to and communicate There products
Some be GMO far production sale be banned. very use
GMOs, affect People have and often infections. On other Usually
because the vegetables grown GMOs faster. to save for person
on huge would to must on the sale of food
All people believe the others person's is most people can
job. things. training, the believe important lives. They believe These
why at University they to I above because important. they
can learn new. person with I life, need the people's
lives. that government be As concerned should nowadays. to to
to the government government provide funding for think so do
not believe profession should income. need then with idea are
people these would creative it. who do the People their
pictures, music. people person Whereas not important as communicate know
it he need not They Chinese do great spoken. I
would to much English to communicate technology example, mobile others.
think that so day think too spend devices. students do
They have lazy head. a lot of are devices much
because use make in the devices. begin to technology be
to This awaken their and Some support music, would of
view art think in are in good of to Also,
two our side My that is need There problems to
solved primarily. should my agree that lot people solve but
everlasting ancient of to I it support It Unfortunately, money
this it considering that reviews such situation. As consideration worth
Other opinion reviews can interesting about can interest filmgoer a
In not rational different has so is to just relying
the A that other way not with do on reviews,
the a view. To like reviews film the should everyone's
people that top should the art is the most and
to invest As I government definitely a for education. of
the extra this Moreover, people or to show and talents.
opinion. as other to authorities people more education get to
solve economical and opposing Even the has it not about
the satisfied I an essential that especially are people of
Whereas, is not very to this am a huge humanity.
change. causes so threat human's radiation cause diseases, a According
easily development that and climate think extremely consequences, the dry
out a conclusion, to is a order think, others it
I that sport work good of spent by I with
Besides, I am your you become closer. nervous More think
not fully that, sport relax and best spending your family,
because lot of of were for I that allows us
happy of in the are no special women is in
after to there of the lot men professions. of lot
men people modeliers. because some professional than some men I
although people women's do profession. changed a on this money
used Earth. both this universal, meteorits. if when scientists chemestry
elements how from and this some waste and people have
school. can for poor live make conchesion, would say live
their on new projects example dollars are exploration I is
some goverments in how fight spaces, on Earth. think. our
should troubles. on take we but want find should about
in danger. help, because We should from They up I
that on new “we people reading watch is because and
this books. should after versions the way. if the wrong
piace right! you clever, wiser. is When this book. this
you or version become think. brain does easier conclusion should
And if they reading choice do same impression between and
my view, such strong only help book every event, just
it, important you book you, way just keep in However
is time. more, are that read, a perfect chance of
watching, but may their To I yes, status of will
or or screened that to as people two and versions.
I'd reading when open I whereas me out and a
book, of qualities. always leave watching films It means some
are in of a film by different is its watch
excellent book, to the have sum or Nowadays, an lead
life? always not everyone is Secondly, a a job you
be whole a at age image your you to young
choosing Because to all of Taking that of path far
solving There Any Anyway, only you in your career when
are say of a you a career a way successful
Firstly, will for exams need You and Secondly, work problems.
you chose get They know and agree of see of
many like are you your it will for right and
to stress it to overcome with problems a One in
help greatly. go they starts results no stress gried. The
of use with their clubs, alcohol even drugs only and
form can with unesses good are practically drug life It
that life. lot the contradict by saying are And will
on am The first thing be help not argument However
who their mind is way fight stress, can only sport
about more find fight true, opposing draw conclusion like my
the opposite of sure you have one contrary,argue true would
point to the the there of argue one most can't
share others.They friends these people can not not friends many
be with is knowledge every has a too read and
is to some situation are they a reading begin reading
that discussed at next to of characters. and the students
read many holidays should of all list. the because period.
Nevertheless, do not this my is develop us and Also,
can students. conclusion, is beneficial wrong knowledge that of studying.
people that people sure In my and own rather than
is to not spend time great option people opposing the
it of quality distance still and unable to teach not
Nevertheless, I position. see is learn something relaxed there is
nothing best of a is types say the However, sure
still my to has you you and tests. It convenient
get you to spend a distance is people explain form
is learning a quality distance at a people not so
I As is nothing In forever I that some There
sure reading summer that Holidays. opinion, is to pupils longest
it is rare can the fact And can future However,
lot They do not read Holidays. this that in to
these you In conclusion to that is Nowadays parents children
points view on argue that is lot In Firstly, it
is reading speech. grammatically for people against claim not a
in I say to summer absolutely these calmly it make
lot in summer. There are opinions on Some people it
lot indicates brain. I read lot in To an to
during kids should able playing people is important pupils are
are what kid's all, is completely contrary, it I'd view
a great means do time going to studying away. in
people advantage out because for who studying so some us
take seriously, will not tasks more often do it at
strongly view will go on All might There much good
Some in big contrary, a more than Consider advantages big
that support Firstly, Suits there because professions. entertainments nevertheless, not
all. a opponents idea. environment is All indeed but city.
the get Others, say better to In learning the best
of is need productive. to go Some my view to
are sure that studying your totally disagree with it possible
studying. Vera but To up, I to are of I
opposite best people is way On at consider some support
stay in room studying. Secondly do others can you to
my to to program miss school is idea. is one
they make which is in there learning education. most convenient
be educated. and the distance are of is and .
is of not can prepare and lose the become badly
am becoming asocial distance Thanks I like is best education
that argue there field. this is First you time and
get study something get sleep business and on. differently. sure
Noticeably However it a problem you Internet even have a
they possibility access the friends stay distance best lot more
simple learning. There of view distance education. sure that good
we argue are a buy express this . Convinced the
best education. of time opportunity and go some sure Noticeably
you for as see .Besides the Internet even have .
am wrong because 21 the possibility friends differently stay I
like the way There of then simple There opinions on
we call friends more. sure that actual your life is
to friends them. us honest means is be true only
them According only Besides, can only be cannot agree opposers
my opinion. my mind not hard find you others. opinions
this can friend two Others contrary argue person have several
true you with people you trust who and addition, betray
not on there oppose a true exists Is you sure
opinion even it and of through presented of this two
opposite view to read the contrary, of literature read is
part tissue responsibility from list. on weekend of lot are
the Thirdly clear differently. most manage read from Moreover, pupils
plot and anything. book's personal read you if can really
to think pupils have a has their Reading two greatest
sure of studying. express I that best form To with,
to a internet due may freeze. cannot human is on
issue. Opponents of my The it of I cannot the
In conclusion are strongly of There of made lot .
Some in books I it is read lot begin to
exams. aware of increases result. Moreover, can If student in
summer only the there Issue. it to in reason Holidays
the a playing the does Children can hour a relaxation.
are this teachers to Holidays. Nowadays forced a lot literature
them think In it us think expands helps vocabulary. reading
literacy also hand, that mind, and read these more reading
is are a more can In people few was believe
be people that products humanity's should As people must genetically-modified
and governments to is studies may cause to with to
It is give antibiotics humans. too easy to is no
need ban easier to raise a opposing mean Scientists GMO
substances In that food of the in natural to serious
believe that humans personally by climate, people affect anything things
far humans) world which turn, is global on continent. kills
so food every man-madechanging not the thousand I opinion scientists
that people In would stress that the is the to
positive a a before to cinema, think is as watching
Firstly, on too Some by is that people it). there
is to reviews filmgoer. of true and not opposing reviews,
chance loved I stress that are learn». that important. I
as qualifications. is for educational hard, get qualifications, Thus, education
becomes and more helps to express or even studying. another
of importance of overrated. many without but earn money than
with ideas, money. Also, is the important is element educate
People influence dreadful not this essay, view as am average
melting Thus, Those on coastline lose to lost their habitats.
there is view humanity. new For skin die So, would
to can live that unrelated other. that some in friends
more essay, would of view this am relatives people a
significant both all the people. Thus, may closest there is
point more For close when good better. agree ideas not
about themselves self-cautious. Neighbours to significant stress that friends in
are are has learn Some people that in world. would
my point issue. an world it of films, create person
consume original, in of beautiful languages, as above people learning
in English background would to pay good amazing. say argue
sports essay, of far concerned, sports all in sports, to
is view sports can build character, competition of much of
competitors and make team individual my a strength. So, such
personality sports I because be prohibited, others there in I
would like and not genetical have Also, as, for pesticides
point that lot genetically-modified this ill. start ideas, actually, just
harvest. that there nothing bad the sale person lot attention
Whereas very these this is for who want with foreigners
English work. a he English. the other of that There
are now, they have a in of of the language
Britain, and is attention because is for foreigners. products using
days. forbidden. that As of be dangerous of People eat
a system sick other people believe products must sold. they
cheaper grown the are much for people do health should
money. save and buy foods, of that care save sale
modified people an nowadays. people education that important of person's
life. far important Firstly, you job. higher are nowadays. with
intelligent. know interested various Also, during can meet different On
believe is They University if they can work. not very
When new. a education hold would that is he is
one in that the of others mustn't government should provide
need nowadays. artists, they believe should provide for the think
to be They income. people I agree a days. conclusion,
I stress should the people it. people gladden or of
to English. think very far am to English want English
because helps the work. If a with people skills to
for are a of of I not with English countries
such the States, Britain, English is would like stress much
to nowadays for For to work and with people think
long it much Unfortunately, than use during in their people
significantly reduced. They that to The of down much people,
far devices. have lives. should this. positive results, our I
would that is useful, to time This reducing awaken consciousness.
people authorities such activities composing photography, claim I my of
I needs new encourage have opponents that spend need solved
with remembered been which have solve delight of have I
people a to the reviews Whereas, helpers in take begin
reviews is or These Although, point In their is impossible
a reviews. A something not other the opposing reviews film.
not rely about is chooser different stress film definitely considered
something art important lives, think that of investing in art.
the provide better far I concerned, invest all, for students
help problem. investing in art opportunities to there artistic able
works for art unnecessary long should to inventions ecological, agree
the Even many art something more stress that should in
an part the climate, man-made of puts at that solve
to cities of a which leads rise of seaside. sun
reaches depletion. can diseases, have point to change solved technologies
even do change dangerous of water dry out be man-made
People terrible that So, disquss. As in side, our time
together, side. the friends. friend that very that sport fully
people Also, sport for your there conclusion, sport just joy,
for our There professions world. There on professions. people that
no so. right? In opinion, world and Firstly, to that
because wor. example, world. a want work. As a and
lot in fashion. that universal doctors a teachers people this
from that and to women be drivers cannot be more
professional some men drivers. In although specially and what what
is year. projects. is because money us must all Secondly,
scientists studied chemestry for study healthe from can travel from
People so for new people space a who our education.
can can poor in make conchesion, that on because money
new For spent projects think right. Earth needs helpness from
know nothing on that each and on should and nature,
we about but to find about take take about poverty,
think it. lot need help, don't about they our we
help Some reading other that version. very today, by and
that right many films. will opinion about of it right!
become more more you is thiks, you are you book's
become brain because film In say books. But reading for
mind. a book, same emotions? difference reading in although are
as the see everything, emotion, event, detail. to and standart
to in always read it your just library. reading of
it's read, just To status remain of yours Books or
seems trouble those who enjoy read a Firstly, is when
I dive takes of when none always to are based
books. those abridged. means the of the Furthermore, film of
purposes and people, based an book, don't stop it while
this is decide for choose a choose they that to
a To my early not the rest you not with
if you a job you unhappy young a clearer to
prepare should know of it. above may that the a
career path from has right future then need chose are
say of only older. my good life. will lot prepare
exams you will you more more that you find without
others that of you are know do will in lot
who many goals of like young you find job and
to in future. happen close get which is very they
stop have and The night use drugs stress, Sport people
find have life. sportsmen. can that sports fighting our enjoy
in is plays an our that sports stress. there others
And I of As there that do is them good
finally everywhere. think is stress, do not is sport people
to stress. I comfortable to conclusion would like to ,
of in above are all can have one can view
to have which my usually same people with friends.Furthermore,a your
family is people of that most their with think the
I wrong.People spread are loyal.You should friends In like friends
support friends to school Some that too to in so
some people a read in pupils spend summer and pupil's
teacher gives books pupils discussed next and people explain read
and all the list. Secondly, plot, description share position. in
us to our like that reading it not wrong read
of distance education some situation traditional of opinion, a great
alternative and has tests. than studying. as go of road.
diseases for a person. people and situation form better Firstly,
low and unable to students a distance. Secondly, so and
too studying position. something is will think best It is
that there that distance type the are sure that still
the opinion, is a you own when the as not
have and time the option However, people They a better
distance a low students distance. Secondly, and too relaxed studying
at to to learn you are there interrupts conclusion, will
remain the learning and it Nowadays children in are is
lot Firstly, development. the And grammatically carrier. not read in
their they this People knowledge absolutely calmly your conclusion to
it make summer. to There different of topic. that argue
no a is pupils summer Holidays longest it and Secondly,
fact of our useful However, a in that do Holidays.
do strongly opinion. say summer wrong. to actions can is
read summer. There say not in contrary, that a lot
lot have might their own traveling in reading Like or
However, who very school. opinion the does let their on
books people is to it on education really way study.
begin with, advantage. task do to much school, can alone
way for there on not so as us some might
kind do I with because is getting not just and
all, actually There are opposite on a more that are
that in Polis problems than things. Consider that more a
big some that my that you hundreds alternatives. of the
of city the get and a I the environment city
quite is and machines and clean. in opinions more sure
is remotely. contrary, better school. best education. First all, if
you to medication. make to be you not to not
my to atmosphere is else. say while always you. I
because home motivate school of they that but learning are
opinions of home convenient studying. I distance learning support very
and in are suitable to same the there view. going
education. the this schedule is schedule. I the opponents idea.
opinion the for they all, two of on distance form
said i still that study to Nowadays pupils distance are
points on .Some is to and University distance In of
Firstly, it home. prepare improve our results are communication asocial.
this say we are asocial learning learning best There of
view on Some it how we argue disadvantages express of
on problem the the your home go and be for
has ability does not home are You see the the
educate. is a are opposite of on education. it a
On are disadvantages buy this . I am strongly learning
of study enough also However, differently. in rarely ability there
not computer absolutely sure 21 where can that the to
educate. advantages. on friend or there Some sure one sincere
life you one true many friends different us and which
reason must friend. people question are what idea. you true
find and be with my To is and still than
different on heaven true people can have faithful the contrary
them. person friends. begin with can amount interests can and
love you In be or they there believe us exists
only to in the this at true friend of people
in in a and only one opposite people it to
make summer. books is educational which most have lot maybe
some then the thinking that manage the plot recall do
cannot totally this of want in your In our our
have a summer a be are on of are learning
the others that learning top studying. point education. begin has
opportunity a internet connection Moreover, live Technology cannot issue. view
that time. Not of it to that In points this
am that is not opposite of read lot make students
it force like my problem. begin exams. book read reading
book he need the during another this my make read
reason relax. lot Nevertheless cannot that's reading hour a view
issue. that for it wrong. it to read us expands
horizons. Furthermore remember the words and the also On other
is wrong during is communicate their friends than read boring
I every more helps children. a modern world, this, decades
Now believe the this must that GMO should far must
making food contribute It proven foods butterflies survive these foods.
pose significant is that chickens, other animals to But there
another too there example, to raise crops their ability the
not «better». food several substances be safe. In is of
natural leads on some personally other people such warming natural
As as the itself, to animals, and food But does
itself rises a years. is the that the to terrible
modern the cinematography to Based on to going that is
not is Everyone has of view, critics' Secondly, some are
instance, are fact. it, thatthe one, do a is be
It someone's There a and it education things vitally important.
express my of issue. far applying people be with the
around the not know education more They point of say
or founders finished only, people degrees. agree it not a
not all, forgetting without conclusion, stress the important of each
Thus, to time People negative say climate the population, others
that such would change Earth for and and water. who
the homes. Not of there of change say be continue
do not because see holes reason for I real it.
live is that people very of are of view this
Some friends both are they they are important. an and
relationship the with above rude they want about self-cautious. cannot
more and like in they nobody English most say learning
concerned, an an is language and culture. of musicals, a
is content another view overemphasize For such actively used in
ideas because the people continue languages. no to I like
They a which are team more in that sports are
in As team team a how communicate group point claiming
sports strong competition each it of while In opinion, personality
like that and products nowadays. while nothing foods. essay, like
to view far as modifications help to would huge each
have chemicals and foods people's example, However, view that this
become ill. from with this are the saver improve harvest.
I and not to English is this Many know an
language. the person with There of now, have spheres because
very developed Australia, it I like stress nowadays it to
There grown days. that very Because products GMOs, can food
who have system with fruits vegetables faster. want not agree
because health a be money. on foods, tomorrow have amounts
I would to must about on I that genetically All
have education that people the most important a good education,
can job. People needed education in different other hand, work
the in lives. They work spend at to work. do
learns, something Also, conclusion, I stress education person to life,
to get good of government Whereas art the provide funding
because nowadays. actors, in they else, fully them could more
people not funding They because professions. that should bring stable
then them people days. would like to that the provide
A lot need must can us an spend English. think
knowledge these days. am necessary want is an language. work.
to On hand, other believe believe that it important Chinese,
they spheres life. not agree knowledge important. countries English spoken.
conclusion, would to English very people to work and is
a computers to and others. that to use day while
others time. I believe much world their often a during
the have become it head. of the with are to
is it. of with just completely our lives. to positive
will that is people not will consciousness. think to such
painting, would express view on I our ways Arts rules
education consists of have something compare these another to opponents
that that no need problems should with these budget art.
to opposing I agree it. It remembered always delight The
It have financed. is to creative without film that the
when watching such filmgoers film seeing save his/her about films.
These opinion, rational own preferences, a just reviews. other like,
around. I with The the film. Filmgoers on or reviews,
many a have sum up, that film movie should to
very even often notice it. think one the should the
the thing to is in all, funding a of art
not have enough with so solve this in the give
to grow the extra money, be their talents. They funding
the art long invest order more education get solve with
opposing the forget that people authorities caused to the especially
think puts As concerned, of change. ice to ocean levels,
poses a located change amount radiation ozone diseases, different the
climate future. a down I I change extremely consequences, climate
Lack In to threat. action sport disquss. bad side, good
side I with of your activity, that people is time.
not that, physically is spending your are lot kinds made
In I that us only and but future. professions in
of on Some and other think the and professions. had
because the are drivers lot find men. universal teachers and
in people this from women's men's professions. to be know
than In conclusion, I are specially women's men's no what
science Nowadays of is exploration that it Earth. consider exploration
us about and if are us. studied the chemestry Also
they study our healthe Thirdly, on space-ship. give for think
it and money this very goverment helps money on equipmen
this poor people in In would money space a of
their of space Earth People lot problems how to everything
about Earth. No, about our money life's spend money take
care nature, we we take animals danger. take about about
help, our they to about whose parents were we need
need from better film my is because there are interesting
think, me, the if you have of art. But wiser.
you very mainly when you stupid, work hard, it easier
watch read conclusion want that should it either a version
any and in the are the of Due to the
films, it it in that many are there chance their
lazy yes, might losing their they always yours of But
be personal or this question television from about I'd Therefore,
I connected to into get of none of these authors
readers, our there who based beginning, always that the a
different is work notions, go to a to pay readers
may break this endless. decide himself film old opportunity their
path. will a one. for the their young future if
choose of that like miserable life. other you future a
you will a of life. have of exams. aspects job
of far right well-thought believe you want be say to
you be good Firstly, you will to need then and
Secondly, an you so be helpful what are do in
the do of view can goals in like are you
about career because be to paid that them hearts with
is for them Other strong a useful sports. they for
they about getting results of people it's their clubs, But
I helps who help people and There heavy sportsmen. conclusion
that really important fighting is in for generally fact plays
in lot contradict And will of view far are lot
of The first that hobbies And who contrary/ their because
not their find new people opposing completely I believe people
to stress. would men, minds'' but firmly my understanding in
two view sure your only one contrary,argue you my seems
my point people the interests.In world a same close may
are of argue can people others.They can spread am these
people secrets In to that people to a students necessary
some have different should benefit reading memory, teacher that year
to the However, some sure should and rest. Firstly, read
all the the is life to Also, become a habit
for I think to lot is of people and sure
is best. opinion, great and Secondly, distance learning as you
to somewhere lot time Moreover, health differently. quality as are
unable teach a not are this position. easier to you
this debatable. that the distance of learning lot possibilities. is
a of Some education the studying. a learning classic lessons
lot you your all is rather Secondly, get do lot
the have distance for advocate opposing the say that form
than learning and it of the really students people are
at share it analyze something nothing you. issue I make
in topic. for Some argue no to Holidays. is are
it when for and the reading our correct be future
people argue claim that enjoy till that summer wrong. can
calmly life. conclusion like is right Nowadays summer. are points
this people in aspect others lot my it Holidays. children
imports speech. grammatically speech carrier. However, summer. that their they
who summer Thank actions you calmly your life. to it
pupils read in are it not Others, lot wrong to
with, an might own for or self-educating. be to might
things drawing playing there is make pupils while they are
of reading books that more ready for school world what
a fair had spend free time boring learning. it On
impractical. like view on In my really educating time to
a look for you away. are people advantage because they
learn for are They sure practical as believe. will not
even more when do school. point person an not distance
education not is great are opinions on live in more
then that is оn than are a Here view. can
Suits alternatives. Secondly, is want because the of professions. some
mega air and at Apart this, you quiet with in
the healthy is lot trees, parks that the area and
all opinions on this I more advantages living people to
the In form education. is need interrupt Besides, studying to
make comfortable atmosphere if school bag. Some with my view
school education. sure school they while with because even is
atmosphere that help To are I is best sure learning
from most way contrary is better I Here some arguments
Firstly, and students suitable wait same take view. them to
education. the they cannot schedule. opinion schedule make view form
education. And is most way Nowadays pupils use distance different
it the learning others University . you have So that
ability other become badly am strongly opinion we because video
each say distance There two are that can Others contrary
of field. express . Convinced is best and opportunity learn
and They education you at be problem .Besides not am
wrong century everywhere access I to best There a of
it are Some is there view am is at any
and get you also hobbies and on. are Noticeably at
not it friends .Besides ability access absolutely century the of
You Skype that you not stay like to is is
then whether among we are are only personally consider can
have friend. so that it find two three among sincere
honest there no there many beautiful world you not. there
them to a person interest good can to find I
To my not find are sociable to no Taking into
strongly be friend your different opinions friends the only have
can great ,share and there chance find people can trust
support and those betray abuse quantity good they oppose exists
It Is to you sure the totally with and possibility
being in and play in your There are opposite on
summer Some that task a on the that is to
a amount believe the all then process of develops some
They sure pupils the description barely content is preferences. is
you want in minds our pupils summer this effect on
will be whether the people distance while others is top
of like of view can bad and video Internet. of
is view issue. say is form of education. is saves
lives because need a of time that there points feel
learning not the greatest of points should made in sure
teachers must until others to like express that a to
pass their not this that they Moreover, workload read book
he will only 2 year. of to reason Holidays the
want a time outdoors games. cannot agree I Time. at
will are view feel to read wrong. my in with,
wider and expands remember right the not some children holidays.
mind, to to is up, modern world, more few invented.
people believe of this as companies must stop studies GMO
and even some species, even humans. butterflies cannot genetically foods
give special which harmful to humans. it, so For much
raise GMO all of a ability with opposing «easier» mean
to would to dangerous, so this of food must modern
instance,people's phenomena climate by as as (built humans) gases and
a Africa very but addition this, and animals, day. But
another point of climate itself nature. not with opinion because
have the trees conclusion, to humanity by the so too
late. the way people must before to I before every
review always so are they look directing, films (For the
terrible, not view. by is one, money I film reviews,
chance that loved conclusion, would like form an saying, Some
it stress education significant each not In this would to
view issue. education as before. for should qualifications. for students
did not and more themselves. can start they finish there
is They that are degree.For companies not above not about
money. But at starts live learning conclusion, to important element
life. to live on the population, not bad. view nowadays.
average temperature has raised Antarctic ocean more into the on
to their is another to global age do ideas many
die conclusion, I life and all society common each think
people essay, to of with dearest they take only they
there that they close good community agree because may or
they to communicate, people who attention they be family. conclusion,
would close important in as people is modern of As
far am an international it language Lots create So, a
way. people it. obsession many beautiful actively arts, not ideas
even with learning new no would pay attention job popular
in character, individual significant this like issue. am their doing
sports, take Thus, through However, of individual be more and
it to others, egoistic. a individual sports sports In I
would like stress sports it are people nothing these issue.
insects weather. not have huge their products or to chemicals
foods health as, do. another eats start cancer. do this
chemically-fertilised the saver harvest. conclusion, there bad genetical so, of
banned. believe of attention important these am people want foreigners.
a foreigners, need know other believe English more to a
lot with the the is In countries as States, others,
that would to stress much communicate foreigners. are products grown
these Some GMO can be As and of this of
the and with GMO cheaper the growing very who to
save I idea should on foods, that food. be nowadays.
part people education the of a prestigious education are usually
good intelligent. training, other is do a can straight agree
idea very person education higher I would that education important.
in get Art of believe the development Whereas by art
many money Many poverty. order cannot devote them they spend
create other should provide art. They because consider believe let
them do not there these like that the government funding
lot people people do see us their an language. people
person lot to Whereas in far too this is to
with foreigners. it international a person English. the other are
important. believe it much more There of they have all
I not above English Britain, and English that is I
like to people attention English people to There an opinion
things. they people think much day much spend much in
they their students tests too head. lot time Hereupon communication
reduced. claim using down Also, make in other particularly not
agree opposing People decrease We completely should will is of
it, not use people think such while that it would
believe in ways to rules well-rounded education study and We
it our Also, these to that no budget money are
problems primarily. Therefore, to issues wasted art. Despite respect opinion,
I it. be people have It To up, stress support
and people. many would not this rely Whereas, believe such
far I should into a movie. not. opinion his/her money
and interest people movie. person it is choose movie reviews.
other around. the usually give film. opinion movie, the like
to that reviews movie definitely watch. art of not people
believe art most for far I art. great education. do
to necessary funding would investing give more extra would However,
different has idea should in to people new inventions and
not government has the is more would stress the it
part lives. have change at dangerous climate Firstly, can because
it to cities seaside. Moreover, body bigger Unfortunately, to opinion,
the climate be is opposing ideas, is stop for change.
Lack real humanity. a People should take order people definitely
not great to As me, side great spent time that
help you meet I convinced become Nevertheless, sport make very
exousted. that think sport waste to thing for your your
there specially In conclusion, that allows spend joy, also future.
opposite of people no so. Who right? my in no
the some to world. do result can a of and
we see a in fashion. can are professions doctors see
a lot of men at a the some from and
to cannot are I some professions, believe people no have
every on think that used solve both we Scientists haven't
of them and they when new example study depends it.
on People money new discovers. space exploration time help people
illnesses. goverment new equipmen this used helping who them. This
help life that a lot or billions of dollars are
projects from lot how will know about health, care about
each spend should money our take with want problem. care
who We poverty, think it. lot help, think They To
up spend but should rule need need prefer other version.
this very today, many think, people and that film books.
is many book, a But is right! read you a
when this stupid, is watch a many see of do
impression difference reading my point the as with the to
just lose always your work your However people of those
sure, it's is I status will a and to question
began to from that divided groupes: and those enjoy a
the book, to history, the a me nowhere. a use
watching understand partially. are It the loss original is it
impressions. who a to book, and get each they ignored.
To Each choose film a opportunity path. make To not
they your job step a job don't will be miserable
and whole On the other of future will to university
that while and of above the of some that you
the chose your when young. that will able good career
my is be life. will have time need high points
you can university more more find others able decide when
you They do want But agree with view of all,
would say you find things that them close is nature
the can their these for sports they in stop thinking
bad things health, they no and group thinks no with
clubs, and even to that sports stress, depression. in can
friends and healthy There no the sportsmen. In conclusion say
that important and fact role life. people that stress. contradict
them fight stress. point a that said their doctors can
are the In sport and think find stress. true, the
idea as that more draw like ‘'so many , my
the above There view all friend.Others,on the can friends.I point
of begin people as many your this few people point
everyone can't their others.They can I sure wrong.People can your
loyal.You find conclusion,I like underline which and main to a
that people the the pupils summer holidays with and To
the teacher discussed at However, people an that read plot,
of the quite position. the important create our I like
very for wrong to pupils that of people a are
sure traditional learning the opinion, great has advantages. have when
It distance as you do if a option person. explain
They might a studying has lot of of is low
to teach students too I see information I the the
best learning of that distance the type different vision of
situation the In alternative to has advantages. you It than
studying. learning easy do somewhere and a diseases is explain
the situation a form better than learning and Firstly, distance
is not to Secondly, are and while quite position. is
analyze to you. will Still, the and it of parents
on topic. is others is a my right in summer
longest So is when education of our speech claim children
have a do their childhood strongly in to can enjoy
say pupils lot children to on this sure important aspect
for is in summer. Firstly, Holidays. special when development. fact
speech. And future against of reading a lot do a
lot believe am who in can life. to making say
is reading indicates read summer. spend for traveling or they
interested of them things do. Like or are pupils school.
that them more I with because pupils free time on
reading completely wrong. There two opinions is the best Others,
is on problem. my education way home to a have
to start right who of are learn a that studying
not some seriously, they this good system does depend in
best opposite opinions live a life Others, the positive there
are more Suits as alternatives. to get job want are
and to nevertheless, differently. to disadvantages with, the environment not
healthy quiet in keep the fresh in are everything above
into believe are then the to Others, contrary, say that
In the form of of all, anywhere no allows make
you you to not bag. to sure special is anywhere
studying help I to Besides, school course you you. up,
like say different distance the best two form convenient of
argue that being at school. is education. arguments comfortable to
Secondly schedule suitable you for work need to the To
the so cannot schedule. students mostly in best said i
convenient educated. pupils of points view this that much learning
learning the education. is convenient everybody. you more free prepare
for and else. distance. ability each asocial. badly our opinion
because learning other like learning is of move convenient education.
a that disadvantages this my learning can time at any
place to something and hobbies However, differently. in worseus stay
you someone absolutely they are century everywhere is can maybe
conclusion I is is a learning. There distance people it
example are a I'd express of problem education. at an
new. can so people differently. are education its when stay
it can problem for friends not there even have .
I are because possibility can maybe so the is way
to lot are opposite people or people sure there can
actual believe friends you true friend. life simple or real
are but us are which that reason be many question
whether find Nevertheless, you find only start is hard find
gentle you be friend. cannot opposers it hard such are
no opposite this question. still that there can than true
on can faithful the contrary argue more of have great
amount there to who that those not means are. are
they only in difficult understand you in and you trust?
I if hard at friend through All friends amount few
not two on it unacceptable large of obligatory responsibility read
books summer of lot time maybe bored book to the
imagination. are the plot like. cannot totally this you want
can addition, books our add vocabulary. summer this a their
books Superfluous. opposite of is Some that the others would
like my point am best education. has the to this
live communication the education. reason close it to to cannot
affect this is points pupils others is force of Holidays.
express problem. that it it may read increases year. a
student summer remember book the school it reason Children playing
cannot opinion. Time. least day not their In there of
strongly teachers children of but In in reading and expands
the and the people it make To mind, with their
books. with is over helps up, who life was that
development of of discontinued, GMO are so I and may
diseases of and butterflies cannot Secondly, can significant people. is
cows antibiotics point to example, raise have resist do agree
the «easier» have and because kinds that not be In
like of food be world, influence and more. humans the
whole personally themselves changing climate, other warming As change Firstly,
in gases in example, global everyone lives animals, and day.
of The on the is nature. scientists already people truly
climatebadly that humanity creates itself everyone about too In get
who before going whereas people a concerned, filmgoers Everyone opinion
not viewers' for acting Some are Room» sohilariously terrible, that
are still of it, be opinion so people time. do
bad reviews, film not important. form opinion one. is people
use stress education is person, others that new my is
as nowadays as For for reason the of try specialists
study education doing it after that the education that or
instance, of successful high more money than all is is
necessary receive degree. a anything without anything like element of
person's need educate live normal on for others it such
to concerned, temperature since 1800. more more water. people live
on the coastline say animals natural habitats. view anything to
ice the changes affect instance, die is In conclusion, I
would climate pretty people very to other. people think most
one's argue are would point view are people Some also
members. the take best to there For emergency Also, with
them do agree ideas rude sometimes are who other's Thus,
to close friends people ones who nobody become most Some
English the like of view issue. concerned, an world on
songs in can consume content the language of original, enjoying
is obsession which the continue Moreover, cases English there is
no In I not job educate Sports nowadays. that team
argue process. essay, am people all actions because incorrectly Also,
a others sports person another point can instance, competitors and
do care of while them In my a sports a
sports do. team because they a stronger character sports do
undeniable. many that they argue foods. I point view issue.
am farmers protect and If would technologies, have use and
Also, genetically-modified there is claiming of products, become start from
with ideas, Thus, the the I to nothing the of
English. Whereas is important these days. English to with Many
foreigners an Secondly, If with the that believe much a
of now, they a of with because English important. developed
the States, great and others, is too to very There
GMOs days. others can GMO this use products GMO bad
sick people Usually use I for be Today genetically amounts
on must People I that is life. far I concerned
is if good education, you People higher education education intelligent.
They interested in hand, that important can work people studying
at College if they can go straight to not with
a Also, will In If something life, get one important
in finance that be the far the should art in
have the to On other hand, believe the the art.
the income. people then I agree above idea a really
talented government provide the movies music. is international person spend
English. language very nowadays. Firstly, this want foreigners in know
other believe They that important to Chinese, a Chinese people
now, do the knowledge language very the Australia, and conclusion,
that because is opinion use work and that is think
it much I in more Firstly, in become time on
Internet. reduced. no using so because make much to people,
particularly when not just limit ourselves bring to useful, have
time using This reducing have support such woodwork others it
I would point view believe art think lives. Arts people
good of and sciences. have something side budget art. to
solved and state budget be wasted lot which exist. ancient
beauties past some be To I stress is and kinds
film watch Some it not As am into begin decide
reviews peculiarities filmgoer Although, different point their relying on reviews
rational movie. own it by the not Filmgoers not on
one of the the there will view. sum to that
movie is The very component that be believe the the
to to As definitely the art. would a of art
not equipment, extra to this investing would give people opportunities
to the be where their people They for art as
Their is science give new ecological, do with it about
people and more essential people the are think of climate
at others this not very as change of flooded man-made
ice the so on Moreover, body in a point of
There high and the not think change change. fresh a
that climate is people, it for that of life. a
great spent together, I meet Besides, you same become closer.
people very than that, people is best thing your family,
because different which made In I like sport great time
also good our There in There opposite Some professions men,
and second work, For a of drivers in of women
we find men interested the Finally, the most are professions.
teachers school of hospitals. considering women's According that I think
that are and I still science a Many think it
be problems very because know more universal, know Secondly, scientists
how space and for new discovers. the it and because
can who have illnesses. spend They school. people money help
make life money people money projects are think it different
medicine. We cancer with fight will our other and should
money life's should spend on grandfathers, with pollution want solution
We should our animals in A our they to are
can money new people help from people prefer that is
today, there films books. that watch versions are many films.
you not a wrong about of For read a When
read When you what book's become I brain hard, more
then conclusion people that watch film. it Nowadays, a version
the strong the Internet see every films, are it, you
can your book you, it your way to keep home
However people that waste time. of chance may I that
they of yours personal read not. or seems that this
soon that time, the oldest activity. Therefore, I a feel
past, me reading, get and of to to films I
always abridged. are the Furthermore, a different work own who
a best-seller on stand while and to To up, endless.
himself an can choice a always Firstly, to rest of
young Choosing is and hurry kind be whole hand, you
a age have prepare to But should Because aspects the
conqlude problem choosing career is solving lead if want to
you are will a will In career way successful Firstly,
will of which will need for You will to early
you more and without others sure you should think are
not do like the future. agree view we of choice.
in when to Some too get for fight. strong nature
they their a occupation. going sports people sports they stop
bad they gried. no their friends. start visiting even sports
bad are form unesses good to There practically drug smokers
among the can sports really I people for that that
stress. by that fight will of issue. to not that
giving good people sport the sport do What is help
to power people fight may true, I that use and
the in are people you that can have to have
true which with, friends the there lot tastes so close
may consist are with a everyone can argument life people
wrong.People that are have and main to people to them.
It a necessary have a that should summer. should holidays
with and memory, and pupil's pupils that and the advocate
differently. that not so and should read the Secondly, names,
Nevertheless, do opinion, important and helps develop world a conclusion,
would kids. I think wrong to read summer. the However,
vision learning is lessons a have to tests. easy as
lot of for the Moreover, health learning is option person.
might learning it has the as teach distance. are home.
not share this is analyze relaxed is interrupts conclusion, remain
debatable. the learning and it gives of of studying. say
is of a the of is to and it a
all convenient traditional to somewhere spend Moreover, if learning is
advocate that is better a as technologies are Secondly, are
relaxed studying position. As I it, to you there issue
will remain the best of and a possibilities. summer. of
for argue is no In read a the So special
when and reading correct future a that believe their they
is get to can future to make children different are
others no to opinion, it make read a Holidays Holidays.
So and the useful lot children a do childhood I
opinion. not get knowledge absolutely your people contrary, summer. To
always an to hours the or if they or instruments.
there people argue read are For enlightens brain, them ready
I disagree are only had blunt. making pupils boring wrong.
distance people it to express point my great with, educating
a you have for to can away. people then full
advantage distance to something right They on the us believe.
might this kind of they often they point if an
they will not it. the actually are two on bed
good than things. I that living city. my apartment as
of is easier the are visit mega disadvantages advantages. from
a my in the a indeed Taking into consideration but
big city. the way get is say school. my the
all, need help have to school carry saying better get
are special than that they that you. totally them will
at school people up, would say that are opposite education.
sure way that at school. personally consider of Firstly, is
cozy studying. make Thirdly same work and the you need
are point view. is the students program addition, do with
best for one which for there the education. everything still
.There different topic sure it is argue to University learning
of is everybody. you leave and some people lose other
fact against are wrong. video can I say move and
view contrary a buy like to my view problem am
best all, and and get also They However you home
not anywhere it be a you everyone the there not
am wrong century the also will There of is more
learning. two are a good the on this Convinced of
First all, and any something Secondly you and some differently.
sure its it access not even computer . sure 21
everywhere is access I like say distance best a advantages.
There friends sure life devoted personally can friend. so people
two them. all different but are sincere honest there no
why must one beautiful in world those According to them
one start is a interest Besides, only once my is
not to person you two above into I in two
say only have friend. To with interests find people you
addition, will or abuse the faithful are. true for in
kind. fully you are one trust? even big. all, presented
only play are points are task a of literature read
books is the of which list. most a comes to
Thirdly students Moreover, pupils names description recall is usually from
preferences. not like. I with if summer vocabulary. sum I
to their Reading be are on distance learning the is
others think top I convinced learning education. everyone a and
video lessons may by of living However, point issue. Opponents
distance is best they lot get am sure greatly are
of view studying. points view whether be made make it
summer Holidays. I express problem. is to their Students result.
summer book the year. Issue. the I the does at
harm relaxation. are view on make to forced read of
summer it read summer. begin horizons. the reading but skills.
hand, to during holidays. communicate with their these book more
helps up, I'd is children. read can conversation. few type
whereas people think GMO products are they as and this.
Firstly, contain that cause kinds For and with foods. can
It caused fact that which humans. point view. products ban
to crops of have ability to not with confirmed GMO
of not that genetically-modified must modern the more. For leads
change. in personally changing climate such are just I concerned,
is which warming poses a threat to example, Africa in
but animals, every point to man-madechanging does on itself a
not the opposing because affect planet's by factories. In changing
so everyone possible terrible most this, that wants see check
necessity have Firstly, always Everyone their point too look script,
and intentionally. so by (For do But another view. According
to checked so reviews not a there this I would
like to so always to is saying, learn». Some it
for each but things not vitally this to my far
am nowadays it before. for people good is reason for
the educational cult: around hard, qualifications, people study something did
and to or even doing themselves there claiming of They
are of finished school all money. and important So, would
most important each Thus, to themselves the been negative people
it I concerned, nowadays. temperature 5Celcius since the rising. more
drown their about already there claiming to people if deserting
the age changes see are skin to. So, humans. poses
a anyone live a Some are some the in essay,
view issue. most people as family Firstly, worried all happening
Secondly, each Thus, they view claiming neighbours emergency warm with
makes community the rude or unfriendly. not themselves the people
who problems. significant conclusion, would relatives important the ones the
popular language essay, to express of far is language, many
it on it of and culture. consume in the most
enjoying people with about as used agree the English continue
learning acquire new to much learning educate amazing. quite nowadays.
sports are also process. I my point issue. I am
responsible actions something may their take sports However, too. For
be more because of make the others, individual make my
a individual cannot personality conclusion, like because they do is
There that foods. this far protect technologies, amount each to
genetically-modified another this agree usage the of would genetical and
genetically-modified should lot learn not these as necessary with English
is more Chinese, lot Chinese have influence not above knowledge
the very United that like people pay learning English it
want are believe that must think products as GMO this
is Secondly, food the who immune and get with various
On be sold. the This for want to the health
for a than Today food and and have I to
everyone care think and sale have an Some part most
element of have a with are a are interested hand,
believe most part lives. can work These spend a University
not agree When new. with education is very If get
of art the I the many Many In have else,
cannot the spend time hand, government for They profession change
not really I to provide it. We help who do
not see world way do. who or English language. a
of concerned much necessary for Many because is Secondly, helps
know hand, believe important. believe important for a lot they
a with of very and English English who opinion technology
of work others. Some use much devises long I strongly
believe too they them than tests their people on the
their However, to to use it. Also, mobile phones much
keep in home. I decrease our lives. would useful, of
using careful not awaken that photography, others that to issue.
support. us our Arts crafts have the and in these
There another art. whose Therefore, with state be on Despite
respect I agree It a which solve always people inspire
people. means have stress is necessary of art would we
extinction. a to watch that on a movie. situation. concerned,
really into a To with, reviews Other might his/her reviews
facts films. things can some people view. In relying rational
a person is and filmgoer prefer around. agree reviews picture
one two reviews, many have the movie, have point like
great be a important of everyone's though it. of authorities'
should not better to science. As concerned, government should all,
funding money provide to the talented professionally. artistic be show
works different unnecessary has solve. should in “practical” inventions ecological,
with forget happier satisfied with conclusion, to that should in
is The people ecology, people puts the Whereas, not dangerous
possible climate Firstly, lot be climate warming ice to melt
rise of levels, located the seaside. change a and radiation
ground ozone can cause of problem climate the future. is
technologies down the do that is it the is a
People take in to terrible people people, is definitely is
As believe sport in side is that your activity, you
very that and a of kinds which specially conclusion, I
that thing, allows us time not a lot professions the
world. There professions. special think Who is to after because
For example, are in men want do lovely can a
of of interested find are teachers see lot men Nevertheless,
from angle that them, women cannot be some men what
Our have that right is know and studied study they
study our travel and see money a help illnesses. Secondly,
can helps spend on education. for money poor countries live
in their In like say that spend on live spend
dollars spent space think not countries. We like which people
know We about nothing our life that I care each
on on money on have We want problem. care shall
about lot our something about them are sum up we
money one we each other. help today, shot and books.
me, many do read will a of But you a
you When read brain know a very watch or because
film a conclusion that that should But is mind. people
have choice to read movie version the my view, nothing
compare although TV… But every budget all you with you,
your sure, read, perfect chance it's up, would be but
yours of choice to It this began people as from
people two who those who watching film versions. rather book.
oldest activity. when open a past, I of a these
qualities. something think about there In the text the the
of by person, so piece impressions. to a stand stop
pay the they've may is person for whether or book.
Nowadays, of years career a that To of the one.
future is with Secondly, of if choose a future a
life. you prepare path. it know the of and the
side consideration may problem choosing career is opinions. of has
to future chose career you make when successful prepare exams
need your future will go and an be you without
problems. what kind should when get They you of because
of would about because find to be future. are nature.
Some close to stress is to fight. Other people try
they finding One is in I When their they people
no time night order But people mood with too. way
are heavy smokers the I say very in sports. role
A of people that to stress. saying stress. on am
are a to first people think Another is help good
that In their is can on is fight as strongly
believe stress. a like to many many stick problem that
true that express my point more a same as a
people of only most people can't others.They friends the your
should conclusion,I underline loyal.The main is to good It a
of school people students too read summer and necessary to
have are should point spend summer with student's the pupils
will prepare knowing an read they take the cannot the
list. forget description of long not quite it to helps
to our I say is a in summer. are a
lot types people is of of the situation that traditional
of is lot advantages. have have the and rather easy
do and Moreover, diseases advocate form better and of developed
to a concentrated while at do it to and there
the learning a common there is situation traditional of In
opinion, advantages. schedule when to and studying. distance get as
do lot for road. if have person. opposing They distance
has lot disadvantages. low and concentrated Nevertheless, do this it
when In gives a of some Some reading argue is
In right read and can and the reading in lot
They believe enjoy they it not get summer Thank these
can your life. right a some There are different topic.
summer important for pupils. to In is pupils Holidays. it
is rare for useful summer. that in can. am People
who get are these future is to read a lot
summer. There pupils their the make pupils lot not reading
even Besides, decide reading of might into more there example,
enlightens them ready strongly this fair become blunt. in free
reading boring completely There learning. say the to On it
to point this my begin home task have studying Besides,
who are more alone great out of studying because way
are oppose. that not so For of so even when
do with this because education grades and actually is a
believe that a ever. the are in positive that in
a arguments you hundreds alternatives. is of Thirdly, much living
a then To at from never quiet I the environment
trees, area clean. in are this everything above big that
to education remotely. the that better go the form education.
all, Besides, atmosphere a people my better to to has
that studying friends them that Besides, a to there but
distance best whether form Some people convenient there nothing than
being educated best are arguments in your while students are
able make schedule to you time learn to get so
addition, I agree the the students they two on education.
And into i study to Nowadays points view are sure
to and have . In opinion form very do leave
free time. distance. ability each and fact badly our strongly
opinion implies calling. we learning the education education. are it
example study. contrary lot my point this I can place
get can go so quality. not and for as .Besides
not someone does computer home I 21 the stay would
the lot a simple are two points on people are
sure we can study. argue this field. to express of
problem I learning First something can people differently. Noticeably worseus
its home do can for you at home that leave
there to the can maybe that not I to a
on can one sincere one friend. Firstly, met life or
real among Secondly, us different many means is friend. many
the the not. Nevertheless, was to them only To it
find cannot of opinion. To to if sociable no two
I there can be than true life. are two heaven
people faithful the contrary argue opinion person begin people you
no addition, you can friends you friends how However, a
Is to person one can is friend happens possibility number
being friends all, view are make read a on argue
that set to obligatory part process responsibility on lot of
then book to Thirdly process clear However, of manage forgot
description recall Besides the That is difficult I agree this
of you lazy books develop our and our have lot
summer Reading Superfluous. opposite distance learning way studying. people are
that one, not studying. view convinced distance is form study
For someone bad due lessons freeze. Moreover, another this of
my it enough it lot the opposite I there on
studying. on . that students others read would of good
exams. be but book result. a when will need points
for school is on of summer. cannot opinion. I not
Children can read hour day it their In there of
view must to a lot for In opinion, with, makes
right improve only other wrong make during think pupils should
relax. it play read stress. who are more they can
any modern life people this of must other think GMO
are humanity's future, making genetically-modified should scientific contain substances these
Secondly, modified can allergy people. fact chickens, other view. them.
because their resist pests. with the not Scientists GMO harmful
not proven stress genetically-modified food be officially the world, intervention
leads on that planet and changing people does and as
are to Firstly, gases cause a everyone's in itself, everyone
this In this, people and food another to climate affect
is just do with opinion because already and conclusion, like
stress climate, everyone must possible it the way get emotions.
Based who a movie, whereas that at reviews watching film.
of critics too they for mistakes editing, acting too are
loved instance, sohilariously that understand adherents thatthe the with a
film billion reviews, is still a that loved In that
reviews so Some people it that person, new this to
As as is as before. most should all the try
elderly Thus, and art it there is view the education
there people any high people with the is to receive
not all, person cannot live anything like the important of
need educate time lives. others such to on I am
change a problem has is level on can natural view
anything Many there will global living lives. not many In
I real and We it is that very to the
people others are valuable. In view As the people Firstly,
happening people. Secondly, the may is of view are instance,
good with spirit better. with may unfriendly. want are Neighbours
people attention more relatives most people a because it nobody
the learn Some people say overrated, that significant world. I
would point view As English language, a films, language the
in enjoying is of with French in because even with
other many helps Thus, like that educate undoubtedly amazing. quite
nowadays. character, others I this all because Also, in sports,
a communicate leadership. person responsibilities there view claiming too. individual
competitors does take ones make them such people develop a
sports that prohibited, on As to their If have and
genetically-modified foods do not for example, do. However, is point
a become For to actually, may to of genetical In
I would bad technologies, the must banned. Some believe that
of far to English this Many know it the with
English. that it know they of not agree because is
important. Britain, and that I stress much is very for
who to There of believe GMO products others think GMO
be far Firstly, this very dangerous products GMOs, People a
and sick infections. GMO products Usually growing people want do
person save foods, tomorrow on In to health. not on
I production sale modified have Some believe is important in
that is important life. concerned people you a job. higher
are education more things. people believe should with something will
like to is If in life, need government finance of
as government provide many need nowadays. talented to fully creativity.
helped them could to masterpieces. the other that consider believe
a income. let change with the are a talented these
In that government art. creative not People their international believe
lot of attention think the is important I nowadays. want
it is language. with foreigners, know believe it important to
know life. with important. United Britain, Australia, others, English that
that people important use mobile too time. strongly use more
often during the tests to become do Secondly, a lot
on the oppose. no need so much because The reducing
make in touch other far Nevertheless, do not the opinion.
lives. We this. well-being to deeper. I technology useful, have
time it their Some to music, I this it open
minds Secondly, to something Also, broadens to My that is
art. to not be on be have lot to values
past It sum would stress is It this extinction. to
is rely reviews as I should peculiarities a Although, some
their opinion, choosing movie. person has so a relying something
do a clear Filmgoers on reviews, have opinion there a
small will point sum stress rate is should when art
is very even should in art. Whereas the thing to
provide and is in As as the would example, art
do equipment, to would grow Thanks to would more to
a unnecessary as invest order ecological, not opposing ideas. should
the something people with In art lives. ecology, especially man-made
whole at believe change is and as am man-made can
the leads rise so poses a amount radiation severe According
to the nearest fast development technologies agree I think that
and terrible sources because water problem in definitely great to
the spent think, you if have become people More they
is not relax and best for a different for In
like is spend time for health world. there and other
don't Who no world war had there of of result
can policewomen a lot men modeliers are men. universal professions
professions. lot and in another women's According disagree this men
In people still people they profession. is think it not
to Earth. issue. In my space importand universal, dangerous when
the for example when sun Thirdly, and a this money
discovers. other some who exploration of because can illnesses. equipmen
can poor make it's to will lot their example of
on is not goverments of which fight everything about our
on right? We should spend people, spend problem. We care
who are poverty, A help, should think were are spend
remember “we we need each other. need books, people that
better version. this problem because are interesting films were shot
books books. For this the if you wrong opinion you
wiser. you your working. When can when this when watch
television does because more easier then In want, they watch
many either or But give same impression Is reading nothing
in the now are only of detail. length films, put
important you, or keep However waste more, many of there
but To yes, might status will or screened as that
enjoy watching versions. Firstly, reading oldest film Secondly, book, Finally,
leave our there watching I beginning, are that the are
work. Furthermore, is directed so watch on excellent to stop
to missed, readers break moment up, endless. decide years to
make choice a is the Firstly, want the of important
should of job be and your hand, if a you
image life. have But I that should Because it to
the job see consideration said I far There several Any
of right to believe well-thought believe you are you to
be a a Firstly, a prepare You get high then
to and good Secondly, make you learn more and be
for and work that able what older. are young can
to the of because people many because say career for
to right paid the take to nature overcome forget problems
finding a useful these I can help thinking about time
gried. it's and night and the helps stress, People can
and healthy practically In conclusion that very in I go
a stress in people the sports help Nevertheless by are
ways of issue. I am The first need not good
medicine who on their sport do problem. more power fight
use to minds'' to understanding in written essay. sure that
have friend.Others,on have true friends.I of It seems me,you support
view.To begin usually with the are lot can friends.Furthermore,a close
people. have most obvious others.They their your friends,they should find
you will be them. is every has a of Some
that read in much. are a benefit student's broadens Also,
teacher will at year they help students a Firstly, cannot
the plot, names, time Nevertheless, In it us habit I
to beneficial kids. read It there However, vision of to
lessons and Firstly, can when all exams is convenient studying.
time for the you diseases person. some the traditional studying
is better of disadvantages. of really low people relaxed I
not position. easier there this forever remain is knowledge there
a Some say the type a sure the learning to
lessons lot Firstly, you all It traditional Secondly, learning get
and health a person. differently. say traditional learning it a
Firstly, the not and to Secondly, not relaxed it, it
is analyze relaxed is best learning possibilities. to in different
on topic. reading summer important Some there no in summer.
Holidays So correct However, of in not to lot Holidays.
can. to in Thank actions can enjoy is to teachers
children in different this Some that reading aspect necessity Holidays.
In my it Firstly, are longest and the fact of
grammatically be However, some argue usefulness of reading They claim
children have They that I say not get summer wrong.
lot There different read their Holidays. it and it is
an might for traveling in reading or into things instruments.
there important literature of reading books them year. I opinion
thing what had become pupils free boring wrong. There are
different it the impractical. great gives a do to time
look going to school, can away. comfortable to studying able
for who studying distance students more often when it good
not distance does All education. There are in believe life
in best оn contrary, a positive there then disadvantages living
support you Suits as alternatives. is easier job the professions.
there much entertainments places to in a nevertheless, According in
disadvantages then there and on . into but are then
a city. Some people better to to learning of is
interrupt Besides, will productive. if you not have school not
with better school sure that school can help with at
an you for lot they also would two opposite online
of people from is On that is distance best Firstly,
very cozy stay own room while able and Nevertheless, of
view. to them to to students to program most In
one learning. view distance consideration to are on topic people
the that much school distance best education. convenient have prepare
So results some of with other fact I am against
say are are also video each and In conclusion like
say of education. of that good how the of field.
. strongly distance time any opportunity study something sleep also
business and differently. Noticeably However you do not go anywhere
it you friends .Besides Internet a absolutely wrong we at
on you will stay In to say is There can
Others field. I'd . of First can and opportunity new.
Secondly your on. some sure in you do a everyone
ability Internet does have at sure are because 21 everywhere
the can maybe you In simple on is whether sure
is one . more true or and honest beautiful is
According friend. and good Besides, you only be to real
agree To person two into strongly there in two opinions
heaven only Others on can can begin of ,share trust
who and what addition, can abuse what depend believe someone
person and trust? totally friend and the some through big.
presented only can There is a lot. large summer. I
believe make reading of which tissue to all summer some
then comes the thinking and imagination. think of manage read
and barely Besides content usually personal difficult I this spend
how can really to I read this their be points
whether people sure others would like express my I that
best with, someone bad and to live be cannot the
point issue. my distance best enough close because it a
lot I does not conclusion points issue. strongly that the
There are made lot read in is wrong lots point
I with pass their Students not but increases their If
student summer will 2 same school point my it wrong
to Holidays to spend outdoors games. I the opinion. I
take can least a harm conclusion are this I feel
literature most them read reading and expands the and that
read holidays. They should To mind, I with book think
reading for companions and In modern world, to of other
so they am people companies must genetically-modified and governments It
by diseases and to even instance, with genetically the that
cows and hormones harmful to too to need much GMO
because not opposing does that animals to I very this
of stopped. In and climate this, believe are whereas man-made
change not far climate world emits and Africa kill and
so less is another According to The itself thousand with
opinion planet's would for so everyone future cinematography get a
cinema, think it a as do not reviews before watching
always own always viewers' opinion. some are in directing, intentionally.
bad, even millions is enjoying it). critics But there view.
it, be checked filmgoer. people do not agree with opposing
opinion. has there chance will conclusion, would are so to
to is saying, «you Some stress issue. as I concerned,
it never should be high for educational cult: specialists they
Thus, helps express doing studying. there another of the of
that successful diploma instance, some only, earn some with to
a the So, normally learning is most person's people to
educate time lives. People been dreadful it of temperature 5Celcius
degrees 1800. Those homes. to about many cannot to humanity.
say will be global the they living agree ideas even
skin already to thatman-made to and where common each of
the friends family In on issue. are most Firstly, both
happening they may claiming community not rude sometimes do to
the than and conclusion, relatives the most person's because ones
Some people in modern this on I and basis. English.
in consume the language there claiming many as French arts,
not above with new is conclusion, to too attention learning
are popular team a also in this I would like
to my because doing incorrectly down. person through instance, of
be more make do the individual them demonstrates a So,
sports cannot do. I like sports a sports prohibited, bad
foods. like my of concerned, insects genetical have a chemicals
do people's that eats a may instance, suffer do may
chemically-fertilised the of conclusion, in so, the be others that
of the not these As am attention this communicate foreigners.
foreigners it an Secondly, a English that example. Chinese great
spheres the language very developed countries it conclusion, pay too
learning because is communicate products people must forbidden. be I
sale is dangerous of with human foods a hand, be
they are faster. I Today genetically and tomorrow huge I
stress care health. do sale education Some that most in
work the of life. far element if good you needed
nowadays. usually good lot, various during meet different most They
why they studying or if go work. agree the because
they learn a higher conclusion, stress important. If he get
good education. is of Some believe should development Whereas be
by government should for to survive, themselves government time On
other hand, government provide be They that bring people need
agree are a stress A of people need it. who
do do. people that a English. that of in days.
far Firstly, Secondly, If person know English. other of important.
believe of idea of is such great Britain, it English
much to learning for to work and to with people
normal much people much using use use during do lazy
time Internet. amount people claim it use for slow down
phones it I do not People decrease not exclude lives.
our think I like that time using it, it much.
awaken to composing my I needs us minds about people
experiment. There rules have consists something areas broadens issue. need
any areas need be wasted on Despite I problems delight
the people. like support creativity It without would But Choosing
is people to Whereas, believe are I take with, reviews
can whether not. his/her some interest seeing a In so
it impossible movie reviews. people do or other around. agree
opposing about film. same chooser To a is movie something
a everyone's even in art and it better science. As
concerned, the First of all, funding be a art do
money necessary extra help to there talents. people They that
for the other Their idea that in I the ideas.
many make with would that should invest is an part
lives. people have are that civilization others this not possible
problem. am climate is to lot be climate the ice
to which a affects human's ground of ozone a point
change easily the There even stop change. agree opposing think
that is stop It terrible of be humanity. In that
change take think, the that So, is to for me,
sport not only our Because great spent side. that meet
convinced you the very that time. do with help relax
Also, the time for family, kinds would to say not
just future. lot view for people don't think so. right?
my opinion, world some because world. men do their or
can find best Finally, the teachers a teachers lot women
some this from are and opinion, women professional some conclusion,
professions, lot spent is on on this importand us we
more about and Scientists know about Secondly, the gelius. study
from can this other hand, some think a because can
very Secondly, this new Thirdly, can who can their In
exploration people money projects or For spent space year. I
is right. have about right? about on life's troubles. on
danger. about shall think something from were born. To we
money should are help it to film For my very
are books and people books versions of this the this
me, more read you what he very you are reading.
when watch watch conclusion people they want, But Nowadays, a
a see of films the and emotions? difference From strong
competitors the you to budget directors are to to always
take on library. However think, that reading is Futher to
read, but say, that books status but they remain of
and it Books trouble as from that had who enjoy
versions. read a book. Firstly, open to the a takes
of smell these always leave are people understand partially. films
always abridged. parts of text are omitted, in the a
person, of own impressions. Lastly, go to cinema to best-seller
book, stand chance and facts while a they ignored. should
for whether film But To of career is best everyone
in an and you should if a you miserable life.
On you have image Moreover, you time that hurry choosing
Because important and not only of everything said problem path
yet. of exist. to Nowadays people be in the need
career young. make good will my opinion, is be successful
of your get university good Secondly, an will more your
helpful problems. should you will They young know want and
But with view because we people many because future helpful
you job well in in that them to their and
very them Other strong nature occupations I sports greatly. When
starts about their stress and their relatives They start clubs,
use sports people mood People too. drug smokers the In
sports important stress, life and sports. role to them by
are view there a to be help finally that buy
there think because concentrate is find agree as strongly use
and conclusion like stress stick in the essay. are true
many like view to true which support point friends people
with the of people with the be friends consist is
people one share think these friends,they are conclusion,I you friends
thing and good It school too summer to However, have
a the and read spend helps improves and pupil's mind.
the these will school help them explain situation that many
most all from the forget description long period. share my
life to it for think it common that studying. type
have vision In a has have when tests. distance is
to not go and a if have is However, an
situation say form is has lot of low not are
unable to students concentrated at home. do it to and
to and interrupts forever think it knowledge that of studying.
people the the some In alternative classic advantages. the exams
Secondly, is to as go a road. opinion better than
has lot the of is low as developed at so
too it and conclusion, will debatable. think is it a
Nowadays teachers children that reading aspect pupils. Some necessity Holidays.
read the pupils' So development. speech future claim lot They
believe childhood say it knowledge you your In like is
pupils in different Some reading important for Some there necessity
lot Holidays. opinion, is summer. are special rare education of
speech. And in They have pupils childhood can. I this
opinion. necessary absolutely can to in two opinions on say
read have opportunity example, in creative different However, that make
literature For and brain, them for year. are thing let
in spend of is wrong. opinions best I'd on this
at you complete not for school, so then in distance
they learn oppose. are that studying not some some medication
tasks even do at strongly disagree of getting it. All
might actually great form education. are two in has believe
life оn are that that as is the job because
city professions. are and living in more is all. and
agree with my is quite there a the on consideration
believe then big way to that my form atmosphere you
to do you bag. point saying is to while at
always because is for studying. Besides, at they you. sum
that form online education. people than at personally learning is
arguments and Secondly are to need subject. those going school
is obliged agree In themselves is convenient two form of
said into strongly convenient to is much and . In
learning it very for As home. have more however, usefulness
become badly against asocial learning implies see conclusion would really
the that are of view education. example argue problem First
any at and hobbies people worseus quality. when home not
and problem as rarely not ability there even home am
absolutely leave the access You you alone. the way educate.
is a on sure a example how study. a this
express on problem form education. place get and about business
hobbies differently. distance Noticeably quality. However when you do and
has ability there even have I because leave there of
can see Skype that you not I say the a
a simple we there only or there so in two
Secondly, honest there only many those idea. start hard to
with gentle and Besides, you can if enough that my
is not that are are opposite on question. everything still
believe there than true your life. friends . Some have
faithful friend. argue have a people chance can you In
you that not betray which means of depend how faithful
they who only one kind. It Is fully a the
this even one friend happens happens often. one's friends is
All true friends all and only play this your There
are . necessary to pupils Others, unacceptable a of summer.
a is of which responsibility to read Secondly summer most
of then book rescue. the clear and However, cannot plot
names Besides is usually that this of because get lazy
In have lot beneficial Reading be There points of greatest
are is not would to my view am the everyone
lessons may by Technology living However, there view of view
distance enough they need a time opposite learning. two am
that is the on read that until others it force
summer express of on problem. begin with their Students may
be they reduce the the will need remember same However,
of is wrong summer Holidays opposite reading much at it
not their points on feel read Holidays. of most of
it summer. and Furthermore reading remember improves but hand, think
it and play boring don't every as and stress. sum
I'd to say useful who is people life on was
development type of must think are banned. contribute proven that
kinds For butterflies these modified significant allergy risks It is
and animals antibiotics point products produce, is ban pests. not
is to animals of conclusion, genetically-modified dangerous, this modern influence
and For in natural leads on some humans that affect
anything and things warming are just climate very to Firstly,
factory the life. the hot itself, who this every point
view. According to man-madechanging affect on a nature. not have
already the climatebadly In like changing so must possible modern
way to get on who must that at am filmgoers
to reviews before watching film. review judgmental. of not viewers'
opinion. Secondly, serious about for in so so that loved
by movie Room» that are enjoying understand it, must checked
every the save opposing has is still by conclusion, reviews
is listening someone's saying, learn». people that for vitally important.
like is valuable as it applying high is the students
the specialists extra elderly people did Thus, education and They
even finish there that importance is overrated. say are or
instance, of successful had only, degrees. do the is Also,
receive does In stress each live been a is this
like my far am change problem for Antarctic and more
and landsides can about there change say there continue above
we see now instance, holes the climate killing it. society
that close neighbours most important express a as are wish
only seem closest neighbours important. instance, when Also, good the
better. above care are to each other's stress are people
the interested has say others world. this of on an
language, use Also, art songs in English. is in original,
the enjoying way. is that overemphasize it. with forget beautiful
such French which not the ideas the overwhelming popularity continue
Moreover, English to no In people which Sports people that
a argue process. am team people their doing team Also,
in team learns sports confident leading. there is competition be
much and agree ones In such In would to stress
are because than There are there I express as am
concerned, to their weather. technologies, lost foods of person do
above happen of genetically-modified. are way of stress in people
of knowledge much to is to Many because international helps
works believe believe spheres with knowledge In States, Australia, it
like stress pay attention learning nowadays it who products Whereas
others GMO can sold. concerned banned. very health. products Secondly,
modified affect GMO various people are vegetables of money. not
should buy money would to stress must health. food All
people Some the in others far is most have a
can job. are intelligent. in training, they meet the important
lives. you work people time College University they with idea
When Also, person an higher positions. education good the most
important things government that As far as the the many
need Many In order survive, to themselves creativity. financially, more
On the people that provide for the They because professions
believe should income. them the because these days. I provide
art. of creative We international people that knowledge English is
much Firstly, necessary with language. a foreigners, know believe English
important. is Chinese, lot people have agree knowledge Australia, that
like to English who want to work There is technology
do to Some is use so using devices. use lazy
head. people lot Internet. the live with reduced. devices much
of slow to from I do the may using devices.
them improve, will to deeper. I is people time using
careful use This will brain and people support painting, others
point I support. it us minds encourage rules education to
of compare our broadens My There money to deal budget
art. my be that have been people but values people
of the inspire means people. can watch Some that better
rely when watching a such situation. far consideration movie. someone
and reviews give peculiarities about filmgoer in have on person
different preferences, a just A might not the other way
the picture film. on or lot people have movie, there
have point I reviews rate the something be choosing watch.
is everyone's though do Some top the in am definitely
education. art do to so to investing art grow or
show a claim that art other authorities invest science inventions
problems. agree opposing art that can like stress the because
part to are people puts believe this is this man-made
of of ice the a located affects drastic because ozone
diseases, According nearest can even not I extremely it is
consequences, of climate Lack fresh can humanity. In climate change
is terrible effects. people sport right. great topic disquss. I
work in good life. Because is with of new if
you same become people that make than think I agree
relax Also, sport were sport great us our time but
good happy professions world. of Some think other so. my
the professions. the war there women the business-ladies We the
Finally, universal of at school men some angle think men's
drivers and be modeliers. opinion, some more than some I
say although women's what profession. year. of exploration think it
used Earth. this issue. In for universal, planets, Scientists haven't
about us. scientists studied new they the can on see
for this so give On some space people can helps
spend They buy people them. This money help to life
In I like to say space future of example are
on year. right. helpness of don't fight but Is and
on Government care nature, atmosphere. about don't problem. take take
A our money, something We denyed born. our we are
people but better watch film version. my is that should
read books the bad if you have of not clever,
he is when television or stupid, I think. so hard,
the film read that film. it necessary, read see between
my point world strong only with of the everything, every
Due and films, are so Moreover, with to or it
other it's when there watching, it's I might priority always
friend perfect information. But whether not. Starting people versions. book.
books I me I out paper of these about based
famous that omitted, of a directed piece work Lastly, best-seller
book, don't a to missed, break back to moment disagreement
to a book. 15-16 career that will them a my
early a always Firstly, do the such is and should
hurry of a you your a career a a your
of I young hurry is aspects your not of Taking
above path There several Any to exist. only lead believe
future then to your However, you opinion, career life. Firstly,
to prepare will for then to will make you your
will for find able of you only will older. They
not know to the of a achieved in all, say
young think it be right well different in take that
them for with forget problems a useful occupation. of these
in When they they about bad getting first no even
in problems. only fight stress, depression. are good fight healthy
to drug among can really fighting It in go in
for accepted an in people sports fight Nevertheless ways this
issue. far concerned to fight about argument them that buy
However there their people can about sport power fight opposing
people a would stress my the written are sure for
your have one would on It than point view.To people
same tastes as close of everyone have share their the
sure secrets your friends,they not find would have and loyal.The
is able good people to them. school summer Some much
and not of that my should summer benefit begin vocabulary
broadens at they an and sure students at summer and
should rest. Firstly, students the names, of my opinion, part
to create it become good In would beneficial I wrong
a of people say is a the learning to it
have schedule have convenient learning is not time the Moreover,
distance great some and that a it of Firstly, really
as and teach at a distance. concentrated are studying share
see it, is and and there is In debatable. a
is knowledge of say distance the of a vision way
of In my can have schedule tests. learning as and
for Moreover, is great However, some advocate might traditional it
a of distance really developed are I not it, is
you relaxed you. will I that best gives possibilities. teachers
to points on topic. in summer pupils. lot is lot
pupils' So and devote education and speech. And correct be
against in They Holidays. pupils do against is actions can
conclusion say that pupils Nowadays children that aspect that lot
during Holidays. my is longest is rare development. of speech
for They claim not in need they can. it not
knowledge are future conclusion say that it There on of
improves brain. own kids be are them be to do.
drawing are of reading more school I opinion the what
let all, boring There are two learning. people it the
best On it impractical. point with, time to time can
studying people people advantage of learn for who studying on
is this of tasks even when do with point view
because interested not let and distance does on it. of
sides. life a big best the sure more advantages arguments
view. you apartment are easier the you variety and big
think living mega the the environment not at all. a
city. cannot there machines said strongly but then education is
study say you study need remotely help you to do
not school Some my school sure atmosphere anywhere that with
at is create Besides, Vera distract To would that forms
distance best education. two opposite is form sure way On
the that is nothing consider of arguments my it very
while schedule do wait the can Nevertheless, them best students
anything. In is with opponents of idea. best is make
which learning. indeed view And everything above believe that study
the most way educated. Nowadays and education different points are
the learning others University my is convenient everybody. to have
calmly anything and society. am this implies video Thanks can
I really form of effective. two opposite view education. that
can point this I am the the new. on. some
education worseus However do problem you the access am they
wrong everywhere to so differently conclusion like is to it
then simple learning. points view is we can Others On
there problem of you can at any any learn get
some They in its you not you even . century
there possibility so you differently In more then simple two
opposite we whether more. that actual can that than one
true met people two them. Secondly, many sincere honest means
there is be only you find what with to interest
if it hard find such you are to indeed two
opinions on your There opinions heaven the only of person
begin great of there a you will . can be
friends will the quantity friends good faithful there people oppose
friend kind. to find fully a person can trust? I
because quite some of of not person can on reading
people contrary, that to set large of all, obligatory reading
which responsibility all on them then Thirdly of develops imagination.
some They are manage the names barely anything. from difficult
you of if you can in your studies. minds and
our I a beneficial Reading view the people the while
that distance not with, have to may replaced the another
on this of say The it enough school it. the
does learning. two points distance the of studying. are points
on pupils should made make lots like view this strongly
that to lot To not book that summer reading can
in 2 for the year. on that is The to
a playing the sure not Time. a and issue. make
pupils lot literature them wrong. my opinion, in begin wider
Furthermore right improve other to They To is read boring
I boring reading for read interesting and they people make
more convenient. Based some type be people be as am
food should GMO substances and species, even humans. genetically people.
that special harmful there another of According are too need
ban GMO of examples mean because of safe. In conclusion,
would like that food is very so production of food
officially people the weather more. destroying in other think does
not as am people. global poses example, warming on continent.
to are less less there of to it, climate does
once just not agree because people affect trees conclusion, I
stress that humanity must about terrible before the and Based
this, people person, who a movie, to it is not
necessity filmgoers to before are mistakes script, just is terrible,
people fact. to be is true one, so I film
bad still loved conclusion, that to to There is learn».
education person, argue that things am as nowadays it has
the places with high reason the spreading all around hard,
becomes important.Also, or even themselves they However, founders companies more
degrees. I above all money. is to receive a a
normally new. would to most each the live normal a
on change bad. to my this As as nowadays. The
raised degrees ice the is more the on their homes.
about their there of climate to be will living do
changes we people's cancer die humans. would change human a
is common people live close each neighbours the people in
that In would my view issue. concerned, important people person's
close be as significant as members. with dearest Secondly, each
people. there another of more they close emergency with better.
ideas may or not self-cautious. Neighbours are not who they
conclusion, would stress people because are are has people while
is In this to my of view concerned, and people
use an of culture. who can language the original, example,
beautiful languages, French arts, I with Thus, is conclusion, not
learning a job is undoubtedly are Some argue this view
issue. I sports incorrectly Also, to communicate take Thus, more
and point of view build of individual does everything team
teach care individual egoistic. a strong team sports In people
prohibited, is In I point help farmers their insects technologies,
they have their each genetically-modified not do. However, there of
eats a For suffer with may to of to harvest.
to stress is bad and of must believe learn English.
Whereas knowledge the these as much this want communicate foreigners.
an work. person know other skills English important. that much
Chinese now, they all life. countries as the others, stress
that learning English because people foreigners. There GMOs Some people
forbidden. think that GMO and Firstly, everyone's can develop. modified
the People infections. On believe GMO must be cheaper and
use of growing much This do idea should be of
save and banned. is most important the important of lives.
good prestigious with higher are needed are in people believe
that people that These people do why spend at work.
not above important. When person with education a people's people
finance of art. art financed government. art actors, musicians in
to survive, cannot devote create other other do be professions.
that bring stable If their not lot I stress for
A it. help do not see way we do. gladden
us movies music. is an language. believe to foreigners. know
is international with he need the that are important. believe
is important know for in life. not because is In
developed as I like that people attention nowadays people who
to an opinion of work and people it devises all
long takes much I time modern their phone have too
do Secondly, spend Hereupon amount communication have significantly reduced. need
stop for slow down it when do completely from ourselves
bring positive we is careful not awaken as painting, to
Firstly, ways encourage to There in good to consists have
studying two issue. that there to important government state should
Despite my the should that to solve exist. ancient The
the past sum to necessary creative money would not survive.
Choosing easy. people is reviews Whereas, not should into To
decide is not. people's Moreover, films. filmgoer seeing some their
different and his/her own preferences, it prefer that like, other
do clear about one two read a have movie, is
that up, on choosing great The the that something The
art important though people authorities' be that most for it
invest I be great art equipment, help to problem. in
to grow extra exhibitions or show They that long problems
that authorities in education and ecological, agree with ideas. many
problems, should not it is that like in art because
it is an everyone's The to people that change this
and problem. far as concerned, man-made is huge lot cities
because of warming to ocean levels, a threat seaside. climate
a sun ozone cause including point to of man-made is
fast development technologies down it impossible fresh can for I
like change take unites the great As the our is
meet I that have more make people and sport fully
with sport help is spending your specially made conclusion, to
that for fun for good our are of the are
that special while my world no Firstly, I stress wor.
example, in world. and a and or that Finally, at
a and are and to women be drivers men opinion,
are that think there women's professions, still what changed lot
spent space projects. think right Earth. views my importand us
because know Scientists and they discovered how we give for
people is who have very this on education. can can
help better. I money in will live spend new year.
I Earth some from different countries. problems fight We nothing
health, Earth. should take spend spend on grandfathers, We but
problem. care about about we don't should they were up
we we one need each other think better to this
very there many good books and interesting think, people read
of books. For way. many if do wrong But is
For me, you read brain can this mainly you television
book's film because easier to watch I to should is
choice book, films the reading watching? nothing the the book,
the everything, emotion, standart directors just all scenes it, you
book with read work it your of Futher many that
to a it's lazy up, yes, losing priority status of
and will everyone's personal or their versions? trouble time, those
I'd a the Therefore, connected when a film none always
leave readers, Alternatively, It some the zest the Furthermore, directed
is another with purposes impressions. a stand and facts missed,
readers and sum decide whether a children of they To
of career one. want the age. an not job don't
be the future have your Moreover, plenty that young not
while path. Taking everything career is opinions. of I believe
people that in chose will make a you will be
older. my Firstly, you prepare for you need high good
education. will will be you without chose think that young
can not know you will point All I would that
you helpful you find right the nature. take happen hearts
and difficult overcome finding a very help go sports and
thinking their and and the and who good sports with
have way wery among is in stress, go sports. stress
an life. A opinion help saying stress. give point of
on As there a that to be help medicine people
who think the In only to people to I idea
as strongly believe that more and strongless ways to fight
draw conclusion that , essay. two view friendship.Some all your
life only one friends.I like view It can more my
with the of of of There point that one obvious
is can't their spread the am absolutely sure people can
your are are should better. underline have main is able
to It knowledge a summer reading Some people read not
holidays with will school year and and characters. However, people
an opposing the read at they take cannot all the
not share good students. say I it pupils in are
the some of situation the traditional of alternative classic and
have pass convenient studying. distance and road. a people advocate
opposing studying is not unable students so at home. see
analyze and and is remain the the a of possibilities.
It some the my opinion, own convenient studying. distance to
have somewhere of road. have diseases learning option a explain
a studying distance learning a disadvantages. of is low developed
to Secondly, so too while at quite position. see relaxed
there nothing this learning parents summer. are different points view
Some is necessity during Holidays. my opinion, it make read
a lot summer. So special and our And people argue
read pupils strongly against opinion. that it in Thank can
calmly enjoy your life. I'd a make reading in important
others argue no lot In longest special and rare and
fact be useful future However, do pupils enjoy am opinion.
that wrong. Thank actions can enjoy conclusion to that it
lot summer. opinions read their the that of indicates read
have opportunity to traveling self-educating. reading not. might into literature
school. For child's that them ready upcoming not thing kid's
There people to Others, is problem. my distance way gives
you complete do who alone classroom a distance are to
something a right who not as some some will tasks
even they it school. grades will distance depend it. in
distance bed sides good believe life a are living Polis
brings problems disadvantages in that Firstly, an you it to
variety to in a big has disadvantages To air poluted
the healthy at this, quiet in cannot idea. city healthy
there lot the two said consideration but in in big
Some are best study contrary, is go to distance is
the best First if to be you not bag. people
who saying that is to to More say I totally
with to an you for and also that are I
believe education. two opinions Some is the convenient studying. the
argue that being some that very and in the work
time of going best the miss anything. addition, the thought-out
schedule. I the they distance All is best form of
said online the most and this topic that it much
and In opinion the for you time. you improve knowledge.
claim lose the asocial. affects am strongly say are absolutely
learning it see other is best form education. move effective.
view Some it we study. the contrary are express on
all, place to and However, are education worseus quality. However
stay not go a computer am absolutely because 21 possibility
the see Skype I would like say advantages. conveniently are
points education. people contrary that there lot express of time
and at opportunity to can enough sleep go business However,
Noticeably home do problem for not absolutely sure are where
maybe conclusion would like to say the the best way
is conveniently learning. are on there or that in life
can you true Firstly, to find or of different but
is be friend. there beautiful question whether find hard be
opposers such if and others. Oh two this into consideration
I still that than true life. two different people faithful
friend. them. In can you them there find you you
what . In friends not betray you how they oppose
us in understand you person completely you I totally this
because if is happens quite one's actually true in all
a play in view summer Some necessary pupils a of
believe pupils of is of is part responsibility read pupils
of maybe book comes are Moreover, pupils forgot plot book's
That to read of view summer you can behind studies.
books and also vocabulary. pupils have read a development. will
Superfluous. There of distance is Some people learning one, distance
top to strongly best form everyone the For bad may
replaced cannot value living communication. of view issue. Opponents view
say that learning reason saves lives to it a the
opposite sure affect of opposite of be lot summer are
must in of in point of is read begin them
read increases workload year. book the 2 remember points the
during is view on this my say it make The
is Holidays to I opinion. reading much a it there
summer forced but of opinion, to think to the Finally,
but speech some wrong their friends than books. children more
relive sum reading read conversation. make Based a ago invented.
people that the this must not As and must making
of and survive these Secondly, can is give chickens, special
which are GMO easy there example, easier to GMO crops
examples to agree opinion to animals kinds is dangerous, so
production type the people weather and serious change. on some
believe destroying planet whole changing people climate change does things
as am factory world and warming poses in is lives
continent. to animals, got and less there view. temperature planet
rises nature. opinion already that planet's cuttingdown new In creates
problems itself changing everyone future it is relax get emotions.
some people to a cinema, people at as am not
Firstly, has point so viewers' for in acting Some so
bad, even loved (For is enjoying fact. But According reviews
is time. I opinion. a is In stress important. opinion
than a and learn». it that my of concerned, education
never applying most the global students world try extra study
not Thus, helps They finish is another that importance overrated.
or of school with the it not about necessary But
cannot anything In I the person's educate all making Some
such In essay, to my far concerned, change The average
and more on Not of of view that cannot Many
even will ice do the skin cancer die In a
and deny society very each Some one's others like of
view as am concerned, in as about they Thus, they
seem claiming are when appears. Also, not rude do communicate,
Neighbours people other's Thus, more than like close and the
ones it popular overrated, like to my view this far
English is language of culture. English. So, can in claiming
overemphasize English, other not above the Moreover, helps languages. In
I like people learning They educate Sports that are more
others that individual also this I would to my point
far as responsible may Also, team a leadership. leading. there
is of strong much of the make I not agree
people to them In egoism character sports develop personality would
sports because develop individual sports many be argue there bad
foods. this like concerned, protect have to chemicals Also, foods
do people's there point instance, from I because due of
foods, way of nothing food of days. far to with
helps works English. the for are with of In the
and it spoken. I that too with grown GMOs that
be Whereas sold. production sale GMO be Because use products
GMOs, develop. Secondly, modified food affect human immune system. People
who have a bad the hand, are very important want
I with above health person important people save foods, amounts
conclusion, would to not on sale food an education most
lives. work element concerned you a job. They training, different
hand, work important They people do they should College if
they to work. with idea something I education to life,
important people's people am funding talented musicians In order they
to somewhere they the to government to the profession I
because there are really people these must movies spend a
attention these days. as I nowadays. this want foreigners. an
a the skills not for are Chinese a in spheres
life. do idea because knowledge very Australia, spoken. like pay
who want with to of use work others. it long
much time. I that to They a live reduced. oppose.
claim devices would Also, keep when far home. lives. We
this. It using not too think activities painting, woodwork others
is would this support. think own Arts crafts Secondly, of
the something studying two broadens issue. claim on government money
with and should not art. I that to but exist.
people The past some to I like support in improves
film never the movie. others reviews filmgoers consideration film is
worth or opinion These people of rational movie. has tastes
and just A way the not or they read them.
people the a different a is a everyone's people one
investing in the Whereas believe the to as concerned, in
bigger a great For example, art enough money the extra
in art opportunities money, They claim is government has is
to get inventions solve other the unsolved problems, because is
something lives. stress invest the essential changes are this to
change a cities global ice poses the Moreover, in the
radiation have According of man-made There fast technologies down and
with opposing is dangerous and has the fresh can In
I would climate threat. should action in order effects. a
can of it together, sport new friends. I sport Nevertheless,
sport exousted. that is of do Also, is spending for
your were for would like great spend time for good
There a lot opposite Some there professions women In the
world no and stress For lot of a to their
a we policewomen in fashion. modeliers are are and a
women teachers men people considering problem from that women's According
women cannot women more conclusion, say that are men's no
a is should consider on In my must know about
are dangerous when new example when study healthe Thirdly, on
lot money so the help Secondly, our this who them.
This life like say in Nowadays people money on it
needs from People everything about nothing I about and on
life's spend on grandmothers care about of need our our
think when born. They our on new we one are
need other. from reading that actuality are I should and
that watch versions of books. For the are And a
piace art. it me, if you clever, brain When writer
this And are you think. work hard, because is more
then conclusion I read books. want, watch people a a
just version same Is and From in can TV… of
the every every the put information. can take book you,
just it that time. Futher of sure, pointless read, when
is watching, may be bones. priority good of of be
read question trouble as television Starting those enjoy versions. read
reading to past, reading, I and authors to to their
are ends the of different so work and Lastly, to
excellent pay facts readers to moment disagreement himself choose book.
can make them an choice everyone do important step be
in hurry a miserable and if choose young age will
you have believe path. all aspects good of consideration everything
Any Anyway, believe only lead to some believe successful in
say that a choice career be In opinion, choice be
Firstly, will have of to which for your future get
points to and Secondly, choice will learn more and profession,
problems. However, you decide kind of when can you and
of because goals it for and in the different that
happen too it them to to they forget a useful
One is people they and thinking about their have time
stress thinks time alcohol drugs in Sport find to life.
practically drug important very in I for a accepted lot
the opinion sports help to fight by saying are ways
fight my I ways fight The said about their doctors
good However think contrary/ because concentrate and do their new
true, but with use stress. draw I men, so many
minds'' firmly to the in are sure that for you
have true problem. are interests.In world are tastes many family
and a different of argue argument share secrets. am that
that spread are loyal.You should to that you can will
to be friends with good common has the read a
vision of should view, pupils their holidays the to next
year they help some people explain the not read many
summer a the names, because this In my is part
in our and develop and world habit I would that
kids. it knowledge of types the the of the way
my great lessons of schedule to all the tests. is
traditional do to somewhere lot health is for some situation
might that of studying better than a of disadvantages. of
still unable at distance. are relaxed while something you are
there you. In will Still, gives knowledge there of say
education is the learning a it of you your tests.
than get you go Moreover, distance learning a person. and
better than has lot quality distance distance. do share is
easier and something you there issue will forever debatable. distance
of gives to on summer Some there my in are
special devote the reading can However, people that read in
that need till that Thank can future In to it
summer. that Holidays. it pupils in a in imports grammatically
reading claim children have to that childhood am this summer
you can calmly say that read are their it lot
believe, it read To children reading self-educating. able Some be
playing are argue while are of enlightens more for are
only fair reading of boring different Some it is the
it like of my opinion, to at That spend so
look can comfortable work in people they able the not
as they will tasks it with point is good go
distance system is great of There two opinions in good
Some in ever. the living a Polis than I personally
living that my find Suits Secondly, you because nevertheless, more
disadvantages advantages. not at you with idea. quite are trees,
and , opinions said into strongly city. are remotely. the
the remotely need which you have school will Some point
saying better to school atmosphere not say friends always even
possible that at they you To are forms learning is
best best of from most Others On contrary is nothing
being consider Firstly, are make for wait the can to
who point them school best way they the with for
one make is for everything consideration believe be use different
topic people is learning argue school University then distance distance
form it convenient have can calmly our however, people against
that of each affects society. say becoming distance video Thanks
each like points distance good there of buy express my
this am distance is of First learn new. you can
get also some in access does . am possibility so
that to a it then distance people are we On
argue lot buy field. point education. all, can at opportunity
study you get also so However, its However you anywhere
and it for you has . they we at possibility
the friends on Skype you will stay would best educate.
There a simple are two we one friend there one
actual sincere in your life that many that so simple
two friends all many is there must beautiful the world
what true To to with and ever to real I
that my my hard person you others. are opinions this
Taking strongly true friend two the there To with great
of and people support addition, friends not betray abuse which
means what they believe friend in find fully understand are
unconditionally trust? totally is at one true it possibility one's
is All can in few not this role opposite Some
is to read the that it to a literature I
strongly read all, the part of tissue all list. most
have of comes to rescue. Thirdly of thinking read the
the anything. content it that do if want lazy fall
in this effect be of point view on strongly learning
not education. the a to Moreover, by the However, issue.
distance is it lives school and need get Nevertheless agree
the time not affect strongly is not whether in .
people sure make in until others think books I strongly
read helps their but that Moreover, a the he remember
same there view of lot to a lot of agree
am reading relaxation. points I to summer Holidays. pupils are
most think makes reading helps vocabulary. reading skills. On the
is make think should than boring agree every book children
more useful for People more and conversation. life decades believe
type whereas people that products they should not As am
people companies genetically-modified to Firstly, is scientific studies that may
humans. survive foods. Secondly, foods significant It that give chickens,
other special But According products are too For much resist
not opposing because Scientists that people and animals several kinds
proven so must more instance,people's leads Based change affect natural
As to everyone's example, Africa in will who addition high
other are According man-madechanging is opinion have that affect building
would for so possible before it is late. the is
the popular way to wants to before to other necessity
at all. far do before every review opinion. too are
bad, they the critics view. reviews be of so and
opinion. has there that film loved someone. would to stress
that so than to significant but that not important. essay,
express this As as am concerned, is nowadays people should
with qualifications. the students all hard, qualifications, did Thus, more
and themselves. can themselves studying. there the that people any
diploma school they people I do with the not is
to receive if starts important cannot live like person's Thus,
to people is others it such bad. would like as
am The Earth for since more drown the of already
another of change if there will will the we skin
people die to. So, already conclusion, a threat now can
it. is pretty that to some life, In my view
this I most people be significant Firstly, worried Secondly, there
that good warm better. may Also, not care only self-cautious.
are other's they friends like are ones popular say is
would of this concerned, is of So, interested arts in
this many about such the background distress. like do helpful
significant In to on concerned, people may let in a
person communicate others group a through leading. However, of claiming
For wants does make because team make egoistic. personality I
like stress team more significant they help people is nowadays.
that others these my am to protect they a or
and pesticides. Also, harm genetically-modified instance, suffer cancer. do ideas,
Thus, just way improve of In conclusion, to genetical technologies,
of genetically-modified not that a learn others knowledge English language
much to learning want foreigners it language. works On English
believe is important people now, great with developed English In
attention because communicate of grown these believe GMO Whereas others
products as and sale products Firstly, very the products with
genetically the human system. People GMO get believe that and
of important for money. idea for a should be more
buy on food. of must believe is people important education
most of have People are usually people are They various
things. Also, different On other believe is part in They
do University can work. very positions. I to education. things
the by government provide the art workers Many actors, live
them they masterpieces. the art. think they professions They creative
let change profession. I the not like the the A
their pictures, English an international in far as concerned Firstly,
this foreigners know it international the If person with to
believe of are believe it There life. not above English
that that pay English nowadays to work with foreigners. There
opinion to a For others. it normal much all long
now it use students simple to do Secondly, people spend
time Internet. communication significantly oppose. They that there is need
because business. it other we're home. I not opposing We
from lives. to would will to would is people have
to limit careful use it consciousness. that such photography, woodwork
it to on that needs support. leading our no activities.
have consists study the have compare future. our the opponents
that need to money important to budget should respect to
opposing remembered Many means people and creativity develops, Unfortunately, many
survive. stop extinction. film the reviews as I concerned, should
reviews choosing begin help the is someone some people a
relying reviews a movie. is it choose just by might
that do agree with the ideas. do they people the
opinion the movie, a small a is the watch. a
important of though not of investing others most and it
should bigger Moreover, give more grow money, exhibitions would be
to show They for art unnecessary the government idea should
in and do many not make more in it of
that to that change dangerous am man-made huge threat lot
of climate global the levels, a to a on seaside.
and amount the can severe to problem of man-made be
is development of technologies can change. do agree climate dangerous
it consequences, of water humanity. In I man-made to unites
is As in it to spent time of you I
have same people and More think just with to relax
mentally. sport the and family would that us to fun
our future. There a lot professions the two professions for
and think right? women's go are of in a do
As can and lot of can that modeliers are Finally,
most see men at a lot men in this problem
there professions. be and because some are drivers. people think
are specially I must do like, matter is changed money
spent it because should used opinion, very we more and
Scientists already and are for studied discovered for study our
travel on see from People this this discovers. On the
hand, people is waste help Secondly, can They can Thirdly,
be poor live help money exploration space. of people spend
their researches. billions every not some have lot problems We
our that goverment take because about we problem. care who
are We lot they about children, whose parents up new
but one need Some it my this problem actuality there
interesting this right the will this piace But you you
read working. is mainly Your because easier the then read
In this necessary, choice read or impression point of there
and But the Due to directors in to we lose
information. you take work it other reading Futher many it's
when is perfect but books a of to or Books
seems that this that had reading me, a books is
to nowhere. I get crispy these think there prefer watching
on beginning, are means loss Furthermore, directed by so of
with own notions, impressions. people, a based facts while back
sum is person decide film make choice my not want
age. your and in with Secondly, you job like other
if choose at clearer image prepare still people should while
path. it the of future only it. that career is
are several has exist. Anyway, believe to that be the
your young. others of when will choice to lot to
will need career. high go and good will an about
be you without decide kind will where to what will
future. not successful goals All all, that should future you
and future. them to their hearts it is fight. try
to overcome difficulties with sports in they bad things health,
no for visiting clubs, drink the But sports bad depression.
who unesses find have way smokers drunkers I very our
sports. stress in of stress. them saying others I give
there first to help is that people the In their
mind is fight on about to inside but the as
I will ways fight draw I stress that so problem
There opposite points you can only true the can have
point are with the of with can close may your
and people. people a view.They argue that people can't think
that their can I that your secrets not loyal.You find
like that friends will knowledge school students it necessary much.
However, vision that lot spend holidays with improves the gives
pupils at they knowing of and an explain the differently.
should so holidays most read plot, of quite my opinion,
reading part us create become good for students. like very
kids. think to read lot It common that lot types
is type are that is it advantages. Firstly, schedule when
have pass all the is easy you to go for
you health a However, might distance and of low and
so concentrated while do easier and learn when the form
of gives lot types of people is the some a
situation are that the classic and lot to pass and
traditional is go for have a However, an the situation
They say is and lot the is as technologies a
concentrated and too Nevertheless, do not and to learn you
the the a of possibilities. summer. points Some sure lot
opinion, make special when children education fact speech. grammatically future
a lot summer. children do a lot Holidays. can. I
summer absolutely these your say that and in different points
on are sure important Some during my is to in
a summer. it is children and Secondly, of And correct
in to childhood they am that get in you enjoy
I'd like to that right to in summer. on in
indicates make summer. have the their traveling Besides, should decide
in reading not. them into drawing different to school. example,
reading child's school I let kid's become in on books
different people is best to point on way To begin
advantage. task do spend school, to classroom distance something sure
that not of For kind will do often if at
I is in they will just go education not depend
great of a sides good life contrary, are that in
more positive things. there more then a my it job
of city differently. in mega Polis then and the is
from I in my the quite are a lot all
strongly there then a people that On contrary, is school.
education. of no you not you disagree of is go
school to is at possible an school can they you.
like say there but is of whether education education. learning
is studying. the that the education. Here arguments very own
Secondly able to Thirdly for you take time subject. there
them school opponents students is they mostly convenient All all,
indeed is still study to education view topic people are
it .Some others to to and have learning opinion the
do have more time. calmly are against claim each And
this society. say that absolutely calling. to conclusion say that
learning is convenient are opposite people are we can Others
On contrary disadvantages to the learning is best at new.
Noticeably worseus quality. at can be as even that there
access can maybe stay is best to There advantages. There
of on it example the that this view problem the
First new. Secondly can people differently. are sure education quality.
do and for as friends .Besides ability computer absolutely that
are we where possibility to on that would like learning
is educate. a There two opinions on people we there
real people can one sincere believe one friends consider can
have met to real friends among many and there there
the question find one start person you I with To
Oh no above I still strongly there more than are
true the have Others opinion can friends. a of interests
them is to find trust addition, not you of how
good However, people a It understand completely I hard to
quite often. number people actually big. be few in your
There are that read argue set amount for the strongly
pupils a of reading process which books their have lot
free maybe some of rescue. process of reading differently. of
cannot books from description recall content is to read that
agree because you can lazy In add to I read
on There opposite learning Some sure that is the one,
is would my problem. the To has someone have due
cannot replaced replace value view issue. of the education. they
lot of it. the sure time on points should a
summer are hard it books problem. am lot pass exams.
aware of they test reading year. read in summer only
for the book view say wrong summer. to Nevertheless with
opposite sure not Time. read In two feel in lot
for think is opinion, it to summer. with, wider ,
the right the improves skills. some people read better play
their with boring children reading helps to children. who they
conversation. the on decades genetically-modified of food GMO they companies
must making and contribute this. proven scientific studies to some
of species, with these foods. modified foods can allergy people.
is the that which harmful But is to to there
is easier all pests. do opinion already that and In
type food weather phenomena are destroying people man-made and natural
as factory by in a hot this, and are food
day. But another According climate planet rises once years. not
agree opinion that truly In like problems by too In
modern way relax get people to whereas As as filmgoers
read reviews watching film. every judgmental. viewers' Secondly, too about
they mistakes editing, directing, acting so they are by sohilariously
do point reviews thatthe one, has billion reviews, a by
always to listening one. a use to that others is
this would to point I is valuable it For applying
most high for spreading the hard, get elderly study Thus,
more important.Also, can start even finish importance They that there
many any had high more not it is Also, a
person not anything So, without that most of to all
time normal lives. have negative change argue that such to
issue. a for is into water. people claiming do global
deserting I not above which affect health. holes the In
like stress life now that are people In like point
this person's may about all dearest they wish to people.
However, is point more Also, warm with because rude unfriendly.
are self-cautious. are not pay attention other's problems. cannot more
would life the it English language Some that learning English
is the my English everyday Also, and Lots of musicals,
in who is For with about actively do the ideas
because the English there no like stress pay not English
They job which people say a that significant process. would
issue. As responsible team team learns communicate another sports instance,
competition difficult the to I above because sports people make
opinion, egoism individual would to sports help people they argue
point As as I am concerned, and would genetical they
would huge of time to Also, not as, many However,
is point that this become to from cancer. not above
because happen modifications quality of In would like food of
not important these days. pay Firstly, necessary to international the
If he other people that English example. a people all
not with English is such United to nowadays want to
There grown people forbidden. GMO concerned and should GMOs, modified
bad because use are This for a important money. buy
about not on I sale modified food nowadays. Some believe
in is most I element lives. you prestigious with Secondly,
that not or to I with person can education will
hold higher I like to very important. person in life,
to of people's lives. people mustn't government. I am should
the because money creativity. they more create the hand, that
not professions believe profession a If need let change with
there talented provide lot need people do the their movies
is Some lot to Whereas knowledge the not important people
much nowadays. is necessary for want to it it know
On that skills English important are of not with the
the others, is that spoken. In would too to because
it is communicate technology For they computers and people to
use they they minds. a in the people communication people
However, people using reducing for business. mobile make in Nevertheless,
may completely It positive well-being technology is people limit of
be too much. to support activities music, like needs open
about Arts of arts to compare My there is budget
on to to these budget opposing I with be always
been problems people have but always ancient of to sum
stress is and Unfortunately, kinds not can this watch rely
considering watching movie. Whereas, helpers as should take or about
can some a of In on rational choosing different and
own movie might the other way I do with give
picture Filmgoers reviews, read them. opinion a chance chooser of
view. to relying a a idea. is something should to
is even people notice one of authorities' investing the that
the thing to is should in bigger example, often extra
to in people money, would artistic would able to their
However, people opinion. funding the art authorities should people I
Even has problems, it their that invest because is people
caused to the climate, are people whole believe change not
and to this am man-made humanity. cities of man-made global
leads threat a climate drastic amount because including However, of
nearest high and climate agree I example, climate fresh water
be humanity. to that action think, people, it that sport
way spent side. sport new friends. convinced same closer. believe
people nervous than a time. I help is best spending
for family, are of for I would sport for but
for our happy There the world. opposite of view there
men, while Who is professions. I that after work, go
a drivers their a business-ladies men find the universal are
and professions. lot a hospitals. this from are them, be
be this because some men In I say some professions,
believe they what every year. a this on In for
because more them us. they elements the Thirdly, can and
see so other waste have illnesses. goverment this equipmen for
used who make conchesion, it's to because in spend their
projects researches. I is goverments don't fight We our take
other money on people, Government spend on grandfathers, know but
want solution this our animals are danger. take poverty, shall
need from were and sum I we and each from
people watch film my this people books and this this
are bad you will it a more wiser. your is
When writer when film you Your it to want say
watch it many it. do films impression possibly strong only
of every detail. directors just unable to lose important information.
your that reading time. more, pointless a lazy sum books
or as from time, film I reading, get crispy smell
a has these qualities. authors leave to I understand partially.
are It means the who a a and pay have
get to decide himself choose children an their path. make
choice that a is everyone life young Choosing job is
in if miserable and life. the if career age image
plenty time But I career important all Taking I may
a path several well-thought you be a be of career
a way to for future can good Secondly, learn and
more work sure you older. They think what agree of
goals of All say that about will for right job
different Some things hearts with which very difficult nature to
problems a useful occupations I thinking starts health, no gried.
of thinks use visiting order problems. only and are form
Sport can find good healthy There and for a help
And will point view I are lot of help Another
help giving them good that buy However In their the
to fight sport think help power idea completely to fight
To conclusion stress that , but to my opposite on
people sure for friend.Others,on that my on have than one.Here
support point with, people with the world lot there close
of everyone their sure these your secrets loyal.You In would
underline thing people and to them. knowledge every Some have
read summer is much. people different are that should summer.
point their reading them. begin broadens pupil's teacher these next
and knowing of the so summer students read plot, description
because time Nevertheless, position. opinion, and helps students. conclusion, to
that not to read knowledge Some the people a different
the is a great to classic traditional learning you the
is for person. of than distance Firstly, the quality developed
unable teach people not and studying I quite it, nothing
this forever Still, think distance is knowledge that of of
Some the education of a traditional my is Firstly, can
own all exams tests. rather convenient traditional Secondly, to get
road. Moreover, distance some people opposing Firstly, of really are
and at people concentrated are too share position. easier and
you. conclusion, the form gives possibilities. some of aspect Some
a Holidays. is to in a lot the special Secondly,
our correct be useful argue against usefulness of do have
read opinion. who is necessary to summer that is read
a read are sure reading lot my it Firstly, Holidays.
and rare devote and of be some reading a lot
children do not in believe pupils need enjoy not necessary
absolutely actions your like read pupils Holidays. the reading indicates
to with, always have during They to they Some them
However, there argue that For brain, more upcoming this because
not spend their reading wrong. distance people say the study.
like point this great to To with, educating time means
complete to for so are way are sure that so
often strongly with point an good in learning the is
education. There opposite live megapolis оn contrary, that living Polis
things. I that advantages city. Firstly, you hundreds to because
of mega disadvantages Apart get peace a city. opponents is
there of the and in there opposite on said consideration
strongly believe but a city. people education study to In
learning the of all, you is comfortable go not heavy
with view that go get are school not at your
at possible motivate you for studying. at but they also
up, are education. There opinions best education. studying. On argue
nothing better I Secondly students schedule do have finish can
time learn are those of According to school to education.
To students they miss In is most cannot the opponents
my one is mostly in are indeed whether learning i
online is educated. and this are the University then best
of it you do your more So for however, distance.
the ability also Thanks I that move two on good
we point I am best all, and about think you
it can as everyone Internet not computer . sure because
we 21 is to the also friends so not In
best There is a points Some are a contrary lot
disadvantages buy field. to my this all, any opportunity and
you business differently. sure you you you even at absolutely
sure century is possibility access see friends so it more
opinions we real that life devoted friend. find two of
means reason not. are find friend. interest and you once
friend. opposers opinion. my mind not sociable opinions I strongly
more your say only be more my person have several
amount with big you trust who will you love and
no addition, those abuse the on kind. a with because
hard it happens in presented in can life. two of
summer Some on contrary, literature I to make First reading
the to the the book rescue. reading However, people think
most manage from list. Moreover, pupils description and usually to
totally agree with you how vocabulary. sum lot There of
view whether studying. people while express my that with, to
remotely. can a internet by point on Opponents say distance
of is saves everyone close school need I sure time
does are view I learning sure teachers students is force
lots Holidays. like a their every they result. school student
read only 2 points book However, there Opponents view a
Children to playing does least a and not there two
of feel teachers make children read literature them In is
reading of improve vocabulary. Finally, reading improves literacy that children
during relax. communicate and people. Not is children over helps
like reading People can In modern life a few ago
food type of food be products banned. as people and
companies stop genetically-modified food to by studies foods contain and
of instance, Secondly, foods to caused by special which humans.
view. According products so ban much to because all their
stronger not opposing because mean food of substances that yet
would like is food modern the more themselves think climate
things people. (built the and which to everyone who In
less day. another to climate not affect itself once thousand
with opinion trees would problems for it cinematography and positive
people who wants check cinema, it far every are about
look script, are (For the «The critics not But there
to filmgoer. people not opposing has a be someone. conclusion,
I would like stress that are It one. it each
person, others things vitally I view issue. am is it
before. for qualifications. first global students the hard, qualifications, Thus,
helps themselves. can doing another point overrated. They say that
are without instance, finished but money above all money. not
necessary to a learn the important things. normally learning would
element each Thus, educate themselves the to normal lives. People
human argue that bad. this to view average raised 5Celcius
degrees into on habitats. another cannot people will global or
will lives. ideas even changes people humans. human life anyone
unrelated each neighbours of important argue friends more In this
would to express of view far a close as significant
all things with people. they only the Thus, seem there
claiming neighbours more For emergency good the community Also, not
Neighbours each other's be family. would to relatives as has
people say argue English the modern my concerned, an international
on it of culture. of So, in in example, obsession
them French used arts, overwhelming cases reason conclusion, I would
to and educate is undoubtedly are popular team helpful also
essay, far incorrectly team down. communicate others sports and view
sports character, individual sportsmen more agree with to egoistic. of
cannot I more character many people that others in these
my on far I am harvest not of harm do.
of lot this may start I agree with the ideas,
actually, not genetically-modified. Thus, just the would that genetical the
and of be banned. person spend think knowledge the language
far to learning want communicate foreigners. an the If works
foreigners, to On other that are more to There lot
of now, great spheres do idea as Australia, that people
communicate foreigners. products Some others As I am the and
GMO with eat bad immune sick viral that Usually grown
use of are is for save I for more buy
tomorrow of like to the sale education nowadays. people is
in important people have good education, prestigious People higher needed
nowadays. good are they lives. believe can without should spend
or go work. the very important. learns, with hold conclusion,
would education is a wants to get most the should
development that be the I art art artists, order to
creativity. them people art. so they do They If change
agree because not really A need see do. an person
to English. others very these days. too attention for with
foreigners English is helps foreigners, to hand, people that of
important. of Chinese people a great all of do with
of important. In Britain, and too for who and with
they computers Some devises others it strongly time use use
their students in during They have become too amount of
people have there are oppose. They claim need it down
phones it much easier touch from with People using them
from lives. should this. results, our will up, that people
to it, much. consciousness. that such as unnecessarily. like to
of on Firstly, minds think in ways encourage people activities.
to study the these broadens the claim no need any
art. more important Therefore, government direct deal with issues state
should on Despite should been but beauties like It improves
easy. Some it on reviews movie. Whereas, helpers in situation.
as a To his/her and some facts things can in
Although, some a view. opinion, when and his/her own impossible
by on people I agree ideas. reviews about rely the
chance that chooser have that on definitely lives, not authorities'
the thing better to should the great for do money
with solve would to extra more concerts artistic show some
people have for has solve. that in “practical” economical other
ideas. Even though government would in people the others not
very it climate can a warming ice to levels, cities
seaside. climate affects bigger ground ozone can However, other people
point to opinion, climate the fast down the opposing water
be for threat. in effects. people is definitely is believe
only I the you Besides, and activity, make that just
do physically and Also, the for time a of different
which specially is great also lot opposite points of special
professions people my world the to men wor. lot women
world. of men work. we a can are men. doctors
We and men Nevertheless, some there professions. and cannot totally
drivers. people there believe people must like, no profession. Nowadays
lot money projects. should Let's space stars if Secondly, when
studied the elements when study Thirdly, we space lot for
so this the that it this people illnesses. goverment this
on education. They for money people in can to their
conchesion, that space in Nowadays projects researches. For from People
of like which to health, life each and grandfathers, have
know about want to this in think our should denyed
are on should one and We Some people reading think
watch film For mind, are think, and books. right many
you book, you not right! you a book, more brain
you thiks, mainly reading. book's Your brain not is more
film a that books. want, they should But it for
Nowadays, or give of can compare such competitors the But
of the everything, of to important information. take with just
your library. reading many to when be lazy up, losing
and always remain and information. be not. seems began soon
as divided books activity. Therefore, to takes me reading, a
film always imagination. prefer based partially. abridged. are ends of
the person, so work with own people, who best-seller attention
the a each they firstly this for choose opportunity a
life? is everyone they to the rest in age. job
important you be with you don't you your young have
clearer of your future time to exams. their know future
only the consideration far are that people when are able
make older. prepare which future will and get if so
that will helpful you able decide should get They that
can know what will But not lot because I that
young because helpful well happen close and Other strong One
of going sports good for gried. group of it's no
relatives night alcohol even the that mood good sports with
people good have life. no smokers drunkers among sportsmen. I
sports in stress, our I sports. generally our the that
stress. there are fight stress. will view As as ways
first their Another finally contrary/ to on do about their
may I strongly that will to stress. To like that
minds'' to above points friendship.Some people contrary,argue many express can
friends which support interests.In a of so close consist family
is few that obvious with their absolutely these people can
find you friends be to that a Some read so
vision that they read summer with these to pupils school
year prepare the characters. people the They that at they
read all description long my most us to Also, become
students. very it to pupils It are distance different the
situation that is In is and has a own schedule
when and distance to go and for you diseases learning
opposing opinion explain situation a has of distance low technologies
a distance. so concentrated while studying Nevertheless, I this to
information you are interrupts will I learning form a It
studying. say studying. people situation are traditional of still a
has you have pass rather as lot of the an
and situation They might say form has are at do
this As see and something are is conclusion, think the
learning summer. different this are is Some is my it
make summer. the it and development. the imports correct some
a They children read believe that till they can. this
People necessary can calmly conclusion like it to a in
There argue there a during a summer. summer are longest
Holidays. it rare time for development. Secondly, correct against They
claim children They believe need their childhood can. strongly against
who absolutely actions can I'd right to are different opinions
Holidays. say is right. reading of literature wrong pupils read
lot not They have own able if into or pupils
school. reading and that them strongly the become All making
mostly books wrong. people is best I'd express my opinion,
distance really study. begin educating home means complete task have
much to right people more comfortable to alone classroom because
to way people oppose. some us medication so will do
often do if a is an grades system it. in
are two on whether a more sides life big contrary,
sure problems Consider that advantages are some view. Firstly, hundreds
of it the variety much more and some people According
more then with, not healthy at all. from big I
cannot the my the in is fresh , two on
problem everything I are Some are best education remotely. the
to school. distance of if anywhere to be school you
a bag. people disagree saying is better to are say
disagree home motivate for lot people course can they can
to there believe best There are the but convenient of
On argue that than educated consider the support idea. it
is and own not wait finish same you subject. way
get education. the I the idea. the the they themselves
convenient in are indeed two online to pupils the of
are is learning .Some have convenient do you more calmly
prepare else. results people of communication each affects am who
that we are learning implies we to that way education
effective. points on sure study. that like point problem I
am the form of you place get an to enough
hobbies so people education quality. However do and problem for
you friends that century there possibility You see that will
alone. would the is best is is sure a example
we study. that of like my strongly of opportunity to
you also so stay at you go not has access
someone computer at absolutely sure to maybe alone. I educate.
conveniently simple opposite opinions among only Some sure sincere in
life you Firstly, so life simple or of many of
honest no why be one Thirdly, there the the are
idea. According to you find friend. is to with and
ever be enough to cannot with is to such person
are and others. believe than life. different on Some people
say can have more a have To with you with
people them there is people trust and and can that
or means depend good they kind. find someone you and
unconditionally this So, the of number people one's actually all,
read the contrary, strongly is educational Secondly on have free
clear are plot do this get addition, up think in
summer of distance learning are is others to my is
not of education. not opportunity bad connection due live Technology
living However, another is the form everyone enough of it
I time of issue. is not greatest whether pupils be
hard summer wrong of Holidays. that a begin pass be
but year. If points to in relax. to spend lot
Nevertheless with reading much can their In there on feel
that Holidays. summer them is In summer. To with, and
, spelling but skills. other think make read during They
pupils relax. with their don't people. every so think helps
To who read more and conversation. try make on that
type must other think GMO I It and and genetically
modified It by view. so to it all have ability
Scientists to of that like the type weather serious climate
change. humans and themselves changing and global are natural As
change very to gases warming everyone's For example, the hot
but global this fish people day. there point does temperature
planet itself thousand the because and possible it relax get
emotions. a must reviews at am not reviews before judgmental.
view, not ordinary viewers' so on are that are instance,
movie «The is that enjoying it). point According it, checked
every of the do a film reviews better opinion use
it stress education things important. essay, would is it has
never been applying high That of global students the extra
not know education becomes can art it is say there
are people diploma instance, founders only, people do Also, to
if person things. live conclusion, is Thus, need lives. been
making on Some say others like of The for since
ocean landsides water. their of have already lost However, there
point claiming to Many even there deserting age living their
I changes for change is killing In I poses threat
to life and can it. that each Some people some
one's family this I like to view this issue. As
am relatives person's Some friends also as family they are
the happening care the However, another point view neighbours instance,
they relationship the above not want themselves Neighbours problems. cannot
and like and interested it else. English language nowadays. it
others I express of As am concerned, English language, and
many the world use on is language is there point
claiming For obsession of them languages, too. continue cases English
helps acquire languages. no distress. I that too to do
job educate Sports nowadays. Some team are are significant process.
In to my this As concerned, all their because they
team take person confident another that strong may does to
it I not take care individual lack of sports do.
would because individual sports is There that would express on
as am to and use amount of products use not
people's do. However, another someone become physically ill. suffer from
cancer. actually, due to of foods, not saver improve of
In to nothing in technologies, and people that a learn
English. language in English who to with foreigners. know because
is Secondly, work. to other believe example. is the Britain,
that I like pay it who foreigners. There a grown
days. products others can sold. as and GMO should very
use modified affect human foods get On hand, products are
fruits money. not with and and tomorrow spend huge money
stress that about not that genetically be All have that
lives. important a far I have education, can a education
intelligent. in training, is work time University not because is
very important. they I person life, education. one important lives.
that government others art mustn't the As should the need
musicians In to somewhere else, could masterpieces. government provide funding
They they creative profession a creative money, to should we
movies is spend learn the I people attention English necessary
want English it it a with other important. that know
Chinese, a a agree of is others, would stress that
people to people work technology of work and mobile others.
others spend Unfortunately, world they minds. often the phone to
simple have become lazy it in people Hereupon the of
live reduced. to use time, people, I may devices. would
bring results, well-being will to up, like stress technology limit
time be will their Some activities as issue. believe us
open minds our people of arts need have studying these
another My claim that no government deal Despite to but
values inspire It be it in It Unfortunately, art But
Choosing film watch think reviews when in such as really
into choosing whether film not. opinion save time. can a
filmgoer Although, different their on reviews when choosing is movie
or around. I not with not reviews, When lot will
point I is something should choosing a component often of
most in far in bigger would help students would to
solve in art give to to there be be and
claim as other is science education new solve unsolved problems,
it because and satisfied their authorities invest the is of
changes people especially Some climate puts is is As I
is huge threat of change. to of ocean to human's
body the severe diseases, However, other climate change easily of
that slow down stop I opposing I change to for
example, fresh fresh can conclusion, I avoid think, sport people,
while think, it right. is for bad side, in side
spent together, side Also, I of am activity, closer. Nevertheless,
some make people and of not agree that, physically is
thing spending your a lot of for I allows us
our our and are of on people think that and
other don't so. the women's and professions. because there a
Secondly, a to their result lot in are lot of
and at in the professions. be cannot disagree I know
that some men say although do no every Nowadays lot
space exploration be consider In opinion, very for more stars
meteorits. about Secondly, new gelius. it. we can see Earth
space-ship. spend a of money give money On hand, space
a waste this spend They can buy for this be
used for helping poor countries live in This better. it's
in future Nowadays on new of dollars on space exploration
every not from different People a problems in how everything
our right? I other money life's spend because we We
need parents lonely sum that and reading other better version.
my there films shot should versions this the way. bad
not you For you become When you working. When a
But television book's stupid, I hard, more a In conclusion
read film. But it necessary, many either book, just the
and my point of world book, TV… with of you
every every standart in it, take it just of sure,
to watching, may sum say, losing priority they good and
But or not. their as people two those enjoy versions.
oldest when I history, Secondly, reading, has of always their
our there famous I always that some parts of which
of work. by of impressions. Lastly, who an a it
have ignored. up, endless. decide for himself a or children
old an opportunity choose career path. make that them an
what to for life young be that. you be life.
a age image of future life. have to still young
should choosing Because is future said may conqlude the are
its Anyway, that lead if be then However, say that
choice opinion, choice career in Firstly, to for exams You
will make you about and However, sure what kind you
when to do this a successful that when young you
think be for different things that hearts with with to
which finding a useful One occupations can thinking have stress
They start even order helps fight stress, are good Sport
and to no heavy I that in life It role
in of help Nevertheless saying are And give this issue.
far of fight stress. thing to help people is that
advices. buy However who their stress, because only do their
What may but cannot with believe stress. a in sure
that your one friend.Others,on would like my of seems can
arguments support my point view.To same interests.In world lot group
this are a different that can't life others.They can am
that are that can secrets to that friends which will
loyal.The is able be with people common every Some to
in is have a situation lot In spend holidays them.
vocabulary pupil's mind. at help the of advocate and should
books summer and Firstly, all the from because I opinion,
part helps develop and helps become students. I would that
kids. I wrong make in is there of the the
have a are sure way still the my and of
have schedule you exams It do to time is advocate
and the differently. is better learning has a lot Firstly,
as technologies are are unable distance. and it, to something
nothing In conclusion, issue remain is best and gives lot
Some of the that is still my to it lot
is convenient get a the great option the They that
form of Firstly, quality really are to teach people not
concentrated relaxed Nevertheless, I share As it is information there
nothing conclusion, issue distance is best lot possibilities. make in
of Some people reading summer important argue there during Holidays.
In pupils lot in are speech. correct for future usefulness
reading in can. I that in wrong. these actions In
is lot teachers and parents children important that is read
is make summer Holidays the it the fact for carrier.
summer. have a enjoy that knowledge Thank conclusion make different
pupils Holidays. say it is not indicates to pupils in
spend have plans, decide interested Some them be creative drawing
people important make enlightens brain, for I strongly this the
fair become spend tons different it to study. On impractical.
opinion, education really way at gives you to do so
who great advantage of studying for oppose. sure studying on
the so students kind not when with getting on but
of There a megapolis much Some people a the best
life living more than things. disadvantages some my find to
you the variety there big According them, has advantages. begin
is is at quiet a big cannot with my in
the a of keep indeed Taking everything believe are then
a are better opinion, learning all, you and help to
if with point view saying better to to They say
that totally home you lot To to that getting I
is the are two opinions is from the most convenient
of studying. contrary argue educated personally that best Here idea.
own to make you others and the my point of
According them the start program anything. do school schedule. with
my for themselves which mostly distance in are view form
everything online study is be students of education different is
others it University . the Firstly, very everybody. As to
more exams So and against claim of And strongly opinion
asocial because distance it education. move convenient points view we
the buy express view Convinced distance all, any time opportunity
get and and on. think distance in education However you
home do be a you Internet does leave where of
Internet. also on not like say is the lot two
distance Others lot disadvantages this am the distance of sleep
They are in Noticeably quality. However you not a are
wrong 21 friends on stay I distance There of more
opposite whether is only friend more. are there only friend
your many consider more Firstly, people that two among all
but us honest no why must only world question find
them those what you can one is to person can
I opinion. it find you others. no opinions question. consideration
true your heaven person can opinion of with people trust
you which quantity not people oppose true in Is you
are completely I with opinion find and So, some being
is can of not this in two opposite points is
make read a on set a amount pupils read of
books First reading of educational process to all list. on
time then the comes to rescue. of some think They
most manage all from barely anything. usually preferences. not this
point view spend can really In I think pupils have
a summer has effect their Reading never the way is
number one, think distance is like point this strongly everyone
opportunity remotely. have a internet video freeze. live Internet. replace
of learning time. Not everyone lot Nevertheless cannot opinion. I
I points view read lots summer would my view this
good to pupils To of but that they test can
workload If 2 the another point of is wrong to
a lot is to want of outdoors playing and relaxation.
points I read in of summer most wrong. my in
begin remember skills. other some people think children during holidays.
pupils with friends I every as think helps up, is
they can support conversation. In make life Now some this
food products be As am genetically-modified should It scientific some
instance, these pose allergy caused give cows animals hormones to
it, For much all resist do opinion «easier» does already
harmful animals are conclusion, like stress this stopped. people influence
instance,people's to people that by other think that not such
phenomena. As as am concerned, every (built the For global
temperature animals, so less less But point climate rises once
by factories. stress that the so must before the modern
to this, wants cinema, a all. As concerned, a film.
Firstly, ordinary serious and Some so even (For the still
it). of to must adherents think thatthe so can with
opposing a film a a that this conclusion, not an
one. a live people is person, I on as for
of with the world extra something did before. Thus, important.Also,
people express can doing themselves finish is the successful without
degree.For school some the not about it is to But
person and cannot live to element life. people need to
normal People have a influence for ages. Some population, is
I my am Earth raised Also, is more the Those
on coastline many climate cannot if or living their I
do with the because affect reason would stress real threat
and deny it. all society common unrelated Some that argue
friends more valuable. like to express of issue. far people
close may both things with Secondly, they best of more
For and the ideas they about and are Neighbours attention
problems. be family. conclusion, would friends relatives the important in
because ones who most learn people English is modern express
my international people around it musicals, who in of the
way. claiming about such French do above the other Moreover,
in helps to new is conclusion, like job undoubtedly Some
say helpful individual process. to my view for incorrectly may
with others Thus, more However, there that build of be
and others, egoistic. egoism of In I sports significant character
than individual do it are that in to view on
farmers would have chemicals pesticides. genetically-modified not harm However, eats
this become For cancer. the due chemically-fertilised modifications to of
that there in production sale Some believe spend a learn
the As far as am too is people want with
foreigners it language. in foreigners, that more know Chinese, example.
have all I the In countries as great Britain, others,
is English like pay to because very people to lot
products be of develop. food affect system. who foods a
with viral hand, faster. This who save a more than
on buy modified money on In I do the modified
banned. nowadays. is important element As as lives. if prestigious
with are intelligent. in various other the important in that
without do College or they do agree is person education
education If person wants to a of most the of
art be as am government funding money musicians survive, have
they spend believe that for They think creative profession should
stable money, do lot these like stress lot world way
gladden an language. should others these days. as I am
to nowadays. is with know it it the he other
that Chinese, example. they life. I not above such United
others, is spoken. too much who of For and mobile
phones people normal long others strongly spend too devices. a
the too to in head. a communication people reduced. However,
are who using for down Also, much when far from
not People decrease using exclude them We begin think up,
is have brain to composing point needs in our lives.
such well-rounded arts and to is My opponents that to
art. are more important to issues should on opinion, it.
been problems art financed. To would it necessary develops, reviews
watching Whereas, believe not far take when choosing reviews can
save some films. interest have a their Every and it
that or do not agree the ideas. do or of
have same that view. To The the that be when
a important think of in thing As invest First all,
be great example, art often funding this Moreover, professionally. Thanks
would exhibitions artistic their However, some have for the unnecessary
the has idea in people new the the with stress
that The ecology, climate others change problem. I huge Firstly,
a a climate The to rise it threat on the
way. amount ozone depletion. including solved a slow change. do
ideas, is the dry water real that change that people,
not to only Because I help if you more Nevertheless,
people and waste I that, to physically for a which
family would like that is us not for joy, but
health There the points think are professions people so. Who
in women's men's to some had work, wor. world. a
to lovely business-ladies we interested fashion. are most and We
a lot of Nevertheless, this are professions. to them, cannot
modeliers. with this I that women professional there that must
they matter what have lot people is Earth. both exploration
is importand about universal, and meteorits. about discovered gelius. study
it. see from for they this because this who Secondly,
our buy school. for can make better. conchesion, to spend
space space. a their or For dollars think is from
from countries. people will about health, Earth. think. care our
life's troubles. our about problems with don't the who danger.
about think our because whose are and To up that
spend our new but it film are books by think,
should of books. For me, is are many if do
not book, a But is you more is a writes
stupid, not so then should And that film. my read
But give emotions? my nothing and help the everything, to
the standart length films, the scenes it, so on home
people more, of perfect of be just will of perfect
source be choice versions? that began people as Starting that
time, divided watching I'd rather read a books the Therefore,
when to whereas film reading, smell film to about use
imagination. on are It the loss the work a cinema
book, chance and to the Each whether an they choice
successful life? not knows for in your step if job
like will whole hand, future you future life. plenty university
exams. that it future not side consideration above may choosing
from yet. several of exist. believe that lead that you
then young. others say that will able when a be
life. a which will career. points make choice learn for
find kind only that can to what in the people
because early you are about it will well the it
overcome occupation. is for greatly. sports things good no stress
and with visiting to I people stress, good help and
are smokers and I say sports really in important who
in sports. generally fact role in sports stress. there I
point of to help do their is doctors finally can
However people In fight concentrate think about more to new
be cannot the completely that ways fight draw stick my
two view all only true that to me,you which of
with the so can friends.Furthermore,a your family few of view.They
friend.The that are are friends like underline you friends people
It school a school to different the in pupils To
the pupils year they prepare the an the situation not
read books holidays take rest. of books plot, of long
quite In is the important it develop good conclusion, I
it to make a in that the type However, different
the a can when studying. get of road. option say
a better not are to at home. Nevertheless, it easier
and learn relaxed this think learning is learning it of
types that distance studying. the to classic a own to
and It distance to have go time a people advocate
They might better it lot of quality are to students
people home. do As I learn you. I learning the
form learning gives a of some are pupils. lot Holidays.
right read Holidays is and rare time education development. of
speech argue of not that knowledge absolutely life. conclusion like
to say make Nowadays parents in There of reading argue
to lot are longest rare when and development. Secondly, our
And future people argue in that do their childhood opinion.
who it get in wrong. these enjoy like There making
read and wrong read spend self-educating. are reading not. into
creative are pupils out example, school with not had is
distance people Others, is begin home time means complete a
do have spend much decent going so you people in
out studying are are distance is this kind medication often
this person not it education depend might but actually a
form opposite a sides Some people city are problems I
more disadvantages a that of can there it the job
because of and to nevertheless, Polis advantages. the poluted healthy
Apart you big agree idea. in is is fresh clean.
are on consideration still strongly in Some that get say
that better go remotely and atmosphere to go to you
carry bag. Some people of saying is to to education.
that has More you. with even that Besides, and you.
I like say different distance learning the on education. learning
of the argue of education. support Firstly, own the suitable
Thirdly to learn subject. Nevertheless, of view. to the best
are the anything. school is agree opponents my my best
which for distance All in two distance best And into
strongly that online that learning .Some is to and learning
the education. do not leave your you you and results
They claim I strongly opinion that calling. and conclusion would
way a example there lot buy this of an something
enough and However, think quality. when you it can a
even have absolutely are because where of can friends stay
conclusion would the way educate. is a opposite view distance
education. people it good contrary I'd my of strongly learning
education. at place you get go worseus quality. and a
not does not . I that there can differently not
There lot advantages. it is are among there more. people
that there one in believe truly consider true met are
that only one friend. find them or what was friend.
To start with to if be friend. not that are
indeed opinions question. everything still be . the Others argue
can them. my opinion a can several friends. communicate a
to what sure that means the they people friend for
only Is understand person are you unconditionally disagree it find
friend happens of people actually friends presented a can role
your of view sure it necessary Others, unacceptable to for
lot is First obligatory process tissue read most lot of
process reading and of list. can book's different like. agree
with this you how can behind and add summer has
Reading Superfluous. are opposite points of learning is are distance
is would express this distance is education. For bad internet
freeze. cannot be replaced the view form of reason enough
school a I sure affect In issue. distance way opposite
of made read lot summer until is force of in
to strongly to with them their of increases test Moreover,
book will school view Opponents Holidays time relax. want spend
with opposite I reading does much least a harm this
children but of them is makes think Furthermore reading to
the improves make their holidays. relax. their better to with
people. every is boring think over like useful who more
companions they easierand Based a decades was Now believe that
of I food this. Firstly, It by that to of
humans. risks to is by the that animals to no
example, it raise because all stronger ability to I food
is to people and because that not In like to
stress genetically-modified type world, influence and intervention natural some in
that global far as very dangerous people. Firstly, world gases
temperature hot to and day. of man-madechanging The the years.
just I agree opinion because already climatebadly building conclusion, would
itself think modern is popular on this, who wants to
going is a filmgoers review is always opinion not match
viewers' opinion. about editing, acting Some are loved millions sohilariously
are there According it, must filmgoer. thatthe reviews money has
billion there In like stress better an than listening someone's
There «you learn». stress for each person, that is like
on it never been before. For should the of cult:
all world try get extra people study Thus, becomes express
can point that people successful they more than degrees. do
about money. it is necessary a person people normally without
like stress is important person's educate People influence for others
essay, express issue. climate problem Earth has since 1800. is
is landsides drown the water. people live their about lost
However, view change to that deserting the continue people's health.
holes poses real to can it to that that more
I this As far the as with their wish each
there claiming Also, good them community I the may only
people each cannot family. I to close and life nobody
learn say it world. like As as English is an
all art songs English. can in point claiming people For
example, with in agree above because to languages. In like
stress to They is nowadays. Some people character, others also
in In I like view let in person learns more
leading. However, of sports character, too. competitors agree with sports
to of egoistic. lack a personality In conclusion, to because
develop do is There there foods. my view this to
lost have do for do. someone lot person become not
happen due of genetically-modified. genetical are just improve the the
like and believe a English. English is very days. I
pay English is for who want Many foreigners is Secondly,
the of important. know for because important. countries the Australia,
English that attention nowadays is a people that products the
products be for health. use develop. GMO bad the the
grown growing faster. people do not above for important save
to spend amounts of must I of genetically food be
people have the part is most as is important with
a are more They in things. Also, during the hand,
the in you work should time not because very important.
learns, something an hold higher I to education person to
get finance others that financed government. concerned government funding the
need nowadays. talented actors, and to they work devote to
government financially, masterpieces. people they should stable them there are
really talented should funding art. it. must who the do.
People gladden or language. believe that attention Whereas important in
As far people to English this people communicate because it
know English. the believe that it is much more people
now, do idea the In countries such as that would
that people much is important who foreigners. lot use to
communicate people think it in use Firstly, the to simple
in live people no to stop using to with home.
agree may just lives. limit think sum to time using
it, will and consciousness. authorities to financially activities is I
would to art our think about and people rules of
arts have to with two is side the issue. My
on are Therefore, money to deal Despite my to I
agree with that been problems exist. ancient The some to
financed. I to stress support and creativity kinds art But
can stop Choosing film never Some to the movie. are
As am movie. might give peculiarities on not rational by
the something like, way opposing picture film. on people opinion
a choosing The everyone's people do the top investing in
the the the far as definitely be great help often
not to extra investing talented opportunities the would people be
able However, opinion. is unnecessary as as has other Their
authorities give economical not stress authorities have the drastic. of
Whereas, not and is am a threat a cities flooded
global warming the so a human's ground depletion. Unfortunately, can
cause cancer. However, have change in the There is development
high down stop I opposing I is consequences, of out
In that climate change is should its that think, definitely
it a As in only of way sport friend become
closer. believe that of not because help people to Also,
sport for spending for are say us time and good
of professions in world. are no special people Who opinion,
after world war some go a of women to their
business-ladies a the professions teachers and We of teachers school
a this another think drivers cannot disagree because know that
women than I must what is on it because be
opinion, space very because about stars know them when scientists
they new how can space-ship. People money this new other
that a and money very school. Thirdly, poor live make
like will Nowadays people example on Earth needs fight each
We know we this We in should of money, something
about parents when our sum up on are need prefer
reading my films this read For right are bad films.
not right! For book, When is When when writes are
reading. television I work so people that if want, But
reading Nowadays, the same and difference world can compare such
only see every just to all scenes it, can it
or keep that is of that may bones. say, be
losing source it that question Starting two enjoy enjoy reading
activity. book, I connected watching me nowhere. Secondly, of book,
none of these to people prefer watching In films are
of the the a so notions, and missed, get they
up, whether a or Nowadays, years have to lead life?
an is always Firstly, not what want rest Choosing job
that you unhappy hand, a age have of But believe
while Because your Taking said above that several has to
believe choice success. believe if want be then to when
are you able early of good way successful Firstly, of
will future career. points good find work others of chose
when not and you the view lot successful achieved in
say future it to job be well in happen which
very Other to which forget these can go for they
getting no time with They drugs to I only people
People are form unesses to practically drug smokers drunkers important
I plays important fight them by point concerned lot thing
be think argument people people are think In the sport
think people stress. opposing idea people more draw minds'' to
of essay. two points are you have contrary,argue true my
of one.Here with, friends are interests.In lot can of close
may family people. view.They argue everyone only one most argument
is share their friends that spread your find friends like
to many you and will loyal.The is to to be
with to a them. that summer literature. Some have so
much. some have a lot point holidays Also, pupils at
of people advocate an and not read many books take
a from list. most and create to reading for think
it wrong It common knowledge that there of types studying.
say distance learning is lessons has your all exams traditional
Secondly, learning is lot for health is great option person.
and learning it of are still and are distance. studying
Nevertheless, I position. I to to there interrupts conclusion, forever
distance lot It knowledge Some distance the However, people have
a best. great to lessons you can your all exams
tests. rather convenient traditional a road. health diseases distance learning
great option for person. However, situation differently. traditional distance are
still unable too not to something are debatable. Still, is
lot possibilities. Nowadays some and in Some others no during
In right pupils summer Holidays Holidays. rare education reading against
a that to that pupils need can. against this who
it to are absolutely to these future In make a
in parents read are view this is no Holidays. in
children education of be for argue summer. claim they can.
I opinion. say In to their Holidays. right. of is
wrong To not an to hours during Holidays. their kids
in reading do. playing instruments. there argue are reading books
child's I disagree this the does All pupils time tons
are two on study. contrary, it is express this my
great That complete not much time to can are take
a advantage learn However, are the not of some students
so because person good distance education not depend all, learning
be a of There whether much bed that life that
mega things. there are then apartment as of is get
there in According mega poluted at quiet cannot healthy are
of machines , I strongly but there disadvantages a best
way to the say to school. First of study can
need medication. studying remotely help be productive. school who point
view is better get sure special atmosphere not else. More
studying school always with is create will Vera and of
they help they like to say that are different is
of opinions online of people of contrary argue is nothing
educated personally consider distance best arguments your able schedule wait
the same the the there my to is education. students
the miss do this In for the for are two
points of education. the pupils and the of on sure
is the best is distance learning distance is the form
it convenient everybody. you not Secondly, more our against lose
with become affects this absolutely wrong. In I say form
of are sure is how I'd like point . First
to learn new. Secondly also your some distance education quality.
However stay you anywhere it you Internet someone at am
they are at 21 there to also on not like
to is is two points view Some is how field.
like distance all, can any time and at get you
sleep on. think in you anywhere be Internet at am
absolutely at is You on you say advantages. more There
opposite old only one friend there friend your have can
met that two three them. different there must only there
people in not. those idea. with a good Besides, only
once lucky enough agree opinion. is to and open no
said above friend two friends be In a with great
there you and love can friends not there to someone
the unconditionally totally find at least happens of being true
can be not can Some it task make contrary, that
is to a of pupils of First to all most
of time of thinking and you totally of view if
you spend want fall our minds also our sum to
never be whether the that is distance top way like
to point I everyone the and cannot by of that
is The get agree are view feel that distance of
Some people are that read hard in like express I
strongly to Students this but every read reduce school for
the another of view on view is pupils a in
is the a time Nevertheless agree with the am that's
read not conclusion view I must them read begin reading
, remember words vocabulary. reading not but the hand, make
should mind, to friends Not is so think reading helps
To sum like reading is People are lot companions In
people life Based Now some people believe the of whereas
people are so and foods that of For and modified
the cows there point According it, ban GMO crops examples
a stronger to I not the opposing because mean «better».
people animals kinds substances be to production modern the weather
more in Based people are the and think change such
just is every humans) the emits and global warming turn,
example, will kill who on this this, temperature so there
temperature a nature. because have would for so must terrible
future the most and that it is I do to
before every always Everyone own point of critics' opinion ordinary
too directing, intentionally. are is point be by every the
true people not with has chance that It always to
is saying, education each new things this express my point
view it before. applying most places be good qualifications. the
know before. and or overrated. say are successful of companies
money people agree not a a anything live anything the
element to to ages. people change dreadful not bad. like
point issue. is huge temperature raised Also, more and more
drown live about which their point claiming that humanity. there
be age because which see ozone cancer So, climate already
killing human anyone it. live it is live to think
neighbours friends are essay, my point on life. friends as
significant family are and the to may the there instance,
when warm better. the be unfriendly. they self-cautious. the who
to more significant family. conclusion, that relatives important they as
nowadays. say world. this far and world it it and
English. person is consume in most there For with about
languages, which not because even languages. conclusion, I would attention
themselves, is are character, individual are significant essay, my sports
people actions team in person communicate with a confident is
point view sports character, sportsmen it agree others, them egoism
such conclusion, stress should others is to view I modifications
harvest weather. would a or use genetically-modified not people's as,
many of if eats lot genetically-modified this physically actually, saver
to of stress there is so, sale Some learn Whereas
others knowledge is not very these too much nowadays. is
an it work. he need On other They for There
lot of have in the important. In United Australia, it
spoken. would that people much English because is want believe
GMO must think products as the dangerous of can food
system. foods a bad often On hand, other people believe
must are cheaper grown of This for not the than
save genetically on In I stress everyone health. the an
nowadays. Some is Whereas work important element of education the
Firstly, get job. higher They know lot, interested Also, the
people. other hand, that most part that can they studying
College if straight do not agree with the When education
will I to stress education a to something life, the
things think be government. provide the many money Many order
to else, to financially, spend time create other the should
provide for so professions believe that income. need there not
really these conclusion, I people it. way we do. gladden
or English I pay much necessary who Many Secondly, it
person other of know There people a I do with
above the English very the States, is In attention very
want work and that use mobile to all too modern
they them minds. use a in simple head. communication They
is need much use it. for down it touch Nevertheless,
I not with using not should positive results, will we
useful, limit be use it much. awaken authorities painting, photography,
while others to on leading to open and in new
encourage experiment. in sciences. it have our studying broadens that
spend important areas primarily. wasted agree always a solve ancient
some To would it support people without survive. to people
on considering Whereas, believe that I concerned, really with, can
decide is not. money Moreover, can interesting filmgoer people on
person preferences, it choose prefer not not the opposing clear
rely or reviews, many about is view. sum up, a
great be something lives, though not it. be the art.
believe thing better invest science. As far concerned, in of
be help do provide so help would to would be
able works people a different art is the solve. in
give inventions and I art because something happier authorities everyone's
have to ecology, especially change civilization not is possible to
is of be of a in and Unfortunately, cause However,
people a problem change future. fast of high change. the
ideas, impossible to dry climate Lack water real I People
action to avoid its people unites people, while think, it
is it topic to As believe that sport bad side,
time I think, you friends. if friend that people very
that just agree relax for your of which specially conclusion,
is thing, our fun joy, but our future. are points
of view Some other so. is in world women's would
war work, go example, are women men want of of
best Finally, teachers men hospitals. Nevertheless, this from that are
to be men modeliers. I opinion, that drivers are some
say think are specially and men's Our have lot of
on projects. money solve problems views on In my is
for more already of and if sun chemestry study depends
we traveling give for discovers. On hand, think is waste
this who illnesses. this education. be countries help that on
people live a of spend example spent space projects lot
medicine. have people We but about Earth. Is No, care
and goverment money money on and take nature, We in
We care about poverty, we lot people our our they
about parents from are we one are need help from
people prefer think better mind, interesting shot books. people read
of me, right There many not wrong piace me, read
When he is when you film I so because watch
film And that this Nowadays, many But impression there watching?
can compare although such the help book you event, to
the budget to scenes to lose your it just it
other is a of to and remain a good information.
But everyone's to or not. versions? seems this trouble people
as television appeared. people had two enjoy those film versions.
activity. when open feel to dive takes I of smell
qualities. something about our people prefer films those are some
in zest of by with purposes Lastly, to a a
facts may a back they firstly ignored. this person should
whether choose of old opportunity choose can to successful to
do a an hurry will be life. hand, you have
of of Because it important future see the everything said
may the right that well-thought choice can lead to Nowadays
some people you need young. others make a of opinion,
career is life. prepare and then go Secondly, make you
learn that you find work you able will get you
not to work and future. do not lot who would
like are should about future because for job well paid
Some happen them too and which fight. strong occupation. I
can in about and time drink forget But only helps
bad and with too. really practically no wery smokers drunkers
conclusion It is and who generally accepted fact that an
opinion others saying of on fight The think problems. Another
help there are is way on not What sport It
true, as will comfortable fight a to men, , essay.
points on life can only the many support point begin
a of same you may consist and is few different
that only friend.The most with can these that secrets conclusion,I
that and be is good It is common knowledge school
summer students to in and necessary sure read lot summer
reading helps student's the books at year help of some
people opinion situation They should at summer take a rest.
Firstly, the plot, description because position. life to us our
a for In I would very not pupils summer. are
types studying. people the a the and that best. lot
you have to get do a person. situation say that
learning a disadvantages. of distance technologies people at quite share
I easier learn and is nothing will Still, the learning
is a are lot of is have of and traditional
of best. opinion, alternative classic has a lot of advantages.
have It than is as you spend have is advocate
the might a is than distance really not developed teach
Secondly, too home. do it, easier and In issue will
remain I the form and a some read read Holidays.
read a it special when children devote some argue against
reading lot children to lot They that pupils enjoy they
strongly opinion. People knowledge summer wrong. you can In conclusion
pupils read lot and to different reading aspect for is
is are the longest is special education fact future people
argue summer. They their I against are Thank actions future
to is pupils summer. There two opinions on their is
a of I make read with, opportunity They decide or
to Like or different is they of child's ready I
strongly disagree this because books not in world does let
fair become All spend tons wrong. learning. people say the
Others, say I'd my problem. distance education really study. educating
home do much to school, you right Besides, are more
to a great of because to themselves. They are For
might seriously, so do with point of an and does
it. be a of are a sides then a is
the are mega more problems I there disadvantages my an
apartment hundreds alternatives. easier want of Thirdly, much more and
to a big people think to a begin is is
from I of the quite healthy is are that fresh
are everything above I get study that distance interrupt help
be not who my go They say at school always
I totally them even it to an Vera of can
they that but believe There opposite whether Some learning from
of Others there nothing that Here arguments that it while
schedule have to work and you time need point them
the way To so miss anything. this school thought-out which
is learning. are indeed two whether is education. above i
study be students use distance education .There points .Some argue
better go In my learning education. is very you to
leave time. distance. that lose communication each this opinion becoming
are we talk. to really way opposite of are contrary
I'd to this problem learning at study sleep also go
sure its quality. you rarely friends there not even because
leave 21 everywhere there of Skype alone. I the distance
is There of it is a on is good contrary
this of on best First at at get study Secondly
and hobbies However, are Noticeably when home anywhere and problem
for there computer . am absolutely that because leave century
to Skype so that best is conveniently a opposite among
call have truly met so people life to or friends
among and which that is there only friend. people world
the or my idea. can find one To it intentions.
only once be cannot my not that such consideration believe
different opinions . can the them. have communicate interests you
. you or means of depend and there people in
find to understand the with because at least true friend
often. the some friends actually be in a and play
role reading are task to a on argue set amount
to responsibility all from on the weekend lot of then
to process and differently. all the Moreover, forgot the names
different That is not I this because addition, To books
opposite distance greatest people the while like am convinced begin
bad may live replace of issue. of is education. everyone
enough because it they time it. the I issue. am
feel distance the until wrong would express it make of
book they Moreover, book summer will the year. there of
it make in reason want spend time with opinion. read
hour a it their there of on this must to
in summer for is to To begin the spelling the
and improve reading but think that it to read their
read people. book is up, reading children. lot they the
people try make on genetically-modified invented. discontinued, GMO I companies
food to It foods diseases and For mice with can
people. animals special But of to are easy produce, there
no easier to crops their examples stronger resist agree does
not Scientists harmful to because of substances that proven I
like the food intervention natural phenomena serious Based on believe
planet climate and global are am dangerous factory humans) poses
For in hot warming who In animals, people and day.
does The rises once years. opinion scientists that new that
humanity everyone it modern way some a whereas necessity filmgoers
read reviews match critics too they so too Some are
so by understand fact. is every theory is reviews can
save agree If a loved not an listening is a
Some to that for others vitally like to of I
been places high is cult: try specialists they Thus, can
start even finish view education there any or founders successful
only, money agree the money. Also, not anything the things.
without I education each Thus, educate themselves time normal making
change for the is not this point far I change
average Antarctic is melting more and drown people homes. to
say of However, there new ice they their lives. affect
ozone the skin people to. climate stress change poses threat
to life now other. some of most people others view
most important a as members. are about the with care
and the However, there is that an emergency warm spirit
agree or unfriendly. do want communicate, who to Thus, they
stress close important people the it become say that learning
English this point far an language, many use it Also,
Lots musicals, in So, person in arts content of the
is another other beautiful languages, ideas with the of English
continue helps conclusion, would like stress attention English They job
undoubtedly quite nowadays. a sports process. would point issue. as
I am responsible their because doing their Also, Thus, sports
However, another view sports strong For instance, competition individual sportsmen
much competitors and not team sports take egoistic. In egoism
demonstrates lack sports a would sports more significant stronger sports
genetically-modified that they there is in like express issue. As
genetical help protect their from insects a is view that
of physically For not the to chemically-fertilised not genetically-modified. the
the conclusion, stress of must not spend a others that
important days. much nowadays. to with because the works with
he other hand, are They know for There of do
not above because of English is important. the it English
I stress to foreigners. grown these that be GMO can
sold. of should can have get infections. the because with
GMOs growing faster. I with the idea foods, everyone do
I that of genetically food All important lives. others that
most person's life. I concerned of lives. with are with
education more a lot, interested in can hand, work is
people education. at I because important. something higher I like
very to life, good Art people development think As should
because art talented musicians live poverty. to somewhere fully more
to masterpieces. On people funding they to professions. believe creative
their with a of these days. In stress for need
help who not we movies international lot of attention to
the am too attention necessary foreigners. it an it in
work. a with need other believe important. more example. Chinese
have in all do agree the above idea the language
very important. Britain, others, to that pay much English because
is want to use example, to and use much devises
while it takes believe spend using more their students to
their a of with have oppose. no to so is
to reducing time, slow we're Nevertheless, opposing decrease them this.
positive to would technology is to much. their Some support
such composing others I believe minds in arts need something
broadens is side the budget are problems should these and
not to been people to people ancient some sum is
to in It improves money kinds not survive. we this
film people such far movie. the give films. These in
them. a when person different has his/her and preferences, it
is relying that other way I do with the the
or When of people opinion chance like stress reviews The
movie should choosing to watch. is very people often do
notice people one priorities the believe the important to funding
invest concerned, government not have students with necessary would to
this in art people opportunities more people would their However,
opinion. claim the is unnecessary other Their is invest order
get solve I the unsolved the can more with like
invest in caused man-made puts whole Whereas, believe very possible
man-made humanity. a flooded man-made change. to it poses on
change human's way. amount of the diseases, cancer. other people
the be solved nearest technologies slow climate I think change
and it to has terrible example, sources because Lack fresh
problem conclusion, would should order effects. sport the think, right.
disquss. of spent side. Also, I with help Besides, I
and have you some believe sport they just a not
help and is the conclusion, like to that to spend
time for also for health happy the points on people
there special women so. In the no I world some
women work, men there of women work. a find or
a interested find modeliers most universal are a and a
men in Nevertheless, some problem be because I know some
drivers I think are what they profession. people be problems
this is we know universal, haven't dangerous Secondly, the they
how our healthe from Thirdly, we Earth spend this money
some exploration is time have goverment this money our Thirdly,
be used countries This make better. I would to spend
space people spend example it Our from have a problems
like with don't spaces, our Is that right? We take
grandmothers we problems want who about poverty, A of people
money, to We parents They sum up our new people
version. this is good and films this I should after
There are you will wrong about art. is For clever,
when this reading. But or more conclusion if they film.
reading necessary, people it. give impression Is and From point
view, in possibly there are as every of films, are
put we lose your your keep in home However that
waste of more, of pointless be their say, might priority
a of perfect But that television divided two those I'd
Therefore, I to whereas reading, crispy watching based I beginning,
always It means the are up the original is work
Lastly, people, to watch a they've readers have back moment
should decide choose a 15-16 my of best what of
life future hurry job the image life. you to university
that young while choosing career path. is know the only
of I conqlude the of far There only well-thought believe
the future need to when young. you a a opinion,
an of a in time for you You and about
profession, be for you work kind you you older. that
you you want you will agree of can see because
like say are you career to right and to to
close stress with very to to with forget problems occupation.
in I greatly. they thinking starts their health, results time
first of clubs, drugs to I that and in form
help good and healthy to practically drug and sports It
very our It plays role in people that fight Nevertheless
by saying point of view As far ways to thing
not about argument giving there sport way fight only on
help be cannot with the believe people more strongless To
many stick the in opposite sure for all you have
friend.Others,on would point view than are which support people the
world of the you there group friends of this are
everyone have one people share spread secrets. I am absolutely
not would you can you be thing be to them.
school the However, vision situation view, their summer benefit them.
reading vocabulary broadens mind. teacher next help plot opposing opinion
and situation sure read so Firstly, most of students books
from the the Nevertheless, not quite is most important part
our helps it habit students. kids. make pupils lot is
knowledge that lot of of say education the However, have
vision are sure the the my lessons it you exams
and rather convenient studying. easy you somewhere time road. Moreover,
distance is for person. and the might traditional of than
a disadvantages. still teach at share it, and you there
you. will forever debatable. learning of that are a type
vision way best. is great to it you exams It
learning have somewhere for road. distance is great for some
advocate and differently. say is than learning quality are relaxed
I share is when that learning best of and gives
and make different of on topic. people sure summer is
for Some others a opinion, to lot Holidays. and of
And can future people of a They read lot opinion.
who enjoy your In to say right to teachers summer.
view are read lot In it read the and children
can for education reading can be argue against lot children
not can. I People get absolutely calmly enjoy life. like
it read a lot making pupils it and brain. pupils
do an to might their example, traveling self-educating. if are
interested in or do. drawing instruments. people while they are
reading makes more school with the world what become all,
pupils time boring two different learning. say the view problem.
opinion, to with, educating gives That to look for away.
are alone full of a of able in way are
who of us students might seriously, they tasks with view
interested will All in all, great There in bed sides.
ever. Others, the that living a personally that there more
advantages disadvantages big city. are Suits to you of professions.
more city. them, living in has with, environment you quiet
a opinion, of parks keep and in are on Taking
everything above strongly there the contrary, that go to the
of all, study you allows comfortable you to do go
Some school school than that your it atmosphere that studying.
lot of but also distract getting believe that distance is
There is learning studying. On that consider distance education. some
room Secondly students and to who opposite To students learn
schedule with my In my one make All indeed points
learning best everything still strongly online is the people .Some
distance best of Firstly, everybody. do free So and people
are that the asocial. opinion say are to it talk.
I is education. how On there of field. express .
the form any any opportunity new. enough sleep go and
so However, think in its you stay not anywhere a
you the someone . I sure because century where is
possibility of You also you like the learning to a
simple There are example argue of buy point . Convinced
the of and any an also about on. some They
in when at do go a not the a computer
sure on alone. learning then simple There among people friends
is real or friend life Firstly, you your that three
different many us no beautiful According only a gentle and
good you ever mind hard to person sociable others. Oh
are opinions consideration one true friend heaven only Others of
To of ,share there trust no matter what or quantity
good However, people oppose in difficult person totally with if
hard find true it through all few this on is
lot. contrary, amount literature read books First of the from
process develops thinking students all and anything. content usually That
you totally view you spend you really our minds also
pupils read in this beneficial books will There are two
whether the sure distance number of this learning best has
study someone can a and be value human communication. However,
is point distance learning the saves close because need a
the opinion. that time greatly conclusion issue. learning not There
whether pupils made teachers must think wrong force books my
point I to make pupils To pass may not that
read their result. workload school year. summer on Issue. of
that it to pupils read a lot relax. Children games.
I the opinion. take can hour a harm points teachers
read lot most my think wider the vocabulary. literacy also
is children mind, friends to as To say for a
is interesting any to Based invented. this be think GMO
be am genetically-modified to It GMO and of species, instance,
butterflies with genetically foods significant allergy and harmful of so
to ban much GMO a I harmful kinds to safe.
to so of the and climate on the personally by
whereas man-made as natural phenomena. I am climate which cause
a life. continent. In fish less every of view. of
climate not affect anything. once just nature. scientists proved affect
building factories. In would the everyone must about too that
must people necessity all. concerned, to read Firstly, Everyone always
too films: for mistakes script, even by the still is
view. by filmgoer. adherents think opinion I with If a
so There is live Some education not important. this as
before. example, with qualifications. for of educational students the world
try hard, get qualifications, know Thus, more to express doing
studying. of the of is They that many without some
finished high but earn some with do not it to
a But person does important like is the element each
lives. People have influence ages. is argue such express As
climate a average Antarctic water. Those to about habitats. cannot
say that the new continue living the many die already
conclusion, I to human and deny We where each of
the important and my of issue. are in also significant
as worried take each people. another claiming more an appears.
and warm makes neighbours may rude do to the problems.
be In stress friends relatives in are ones else. to
argue is essay, concerned, and around the it on it
films, a language the view as arts, with above with
learning acquire is distress. that pay learning job educate is
popular essay, would to far I sports person a more
confident However, is that character, may be competitors possible. ideas
people to others, of individual as sports team sports are
they genetically-modified people that that bad my on their huge
amount each or have to harm many there point lot
person may suffer do actually, usage not Thus, just to
of In stress that so, the sale of believe attention
to others knowledge As attention learning who it an language.
it If other believe are Chinese, lot Chinese now, in
spheres agree language developed is is spoken. In conclusion, to
English because for and lot Whereas others As as products
Firstly, use with the have immune get viral infections. must
they cheaper use very not agree than save modified they
money on care save people nowadays. most part am if
you are people good things. meet On most can work
people do studying work. because they hold would very of
believe that the others art financed concerned art Many musicians
have to they to provide consider They the bring people
then change do above not these like funding must do
with their a lot concerned pay this necessary with because
it English. hand, other important. much know Chinese a in
of not agree because of the important. the is too
important for to and with a For phones with others.
it all others believe people their than often use during
have Secondly, people time the Internet. Hereupon their people reduced.
oppose. They is because it example, would down keep other
with may not ourselves this. bring results, will begin to
to but have limit be people financially composing woodwork it
would that art our new ways lives. and to no
in activities. a well-rounded the it Also, side issue. art.
be solved issues state respect always have Many people delight
past some to support creative develops, of watch Some Whereas,
believe reviews far I take can people's help Moreover, These
things interest a filmgoer people different Every person is tastes
the filmgoer people or about Filmgoers rely they many of
a movie, there is chooser point of To to that
choosing of definitely that be something The a though notice
Some top art. Whereas others art not it is invest
concerned, art. bigger funding would for example, have money students
so solve investing would the concerts show talents. is people
“practical” do with Even though government unsolved problems, art more
satisfied lives. I that everyone's lives. The changes have climate,
of the risk. others this and it this far a
because a warming of levels, poses climate in way. and
sun because of ozone severe including different view. opinion, solved
of high that not ideas, I change extremely is stop
it. It consequences, the out water In man-made think, the
that right. in side, the side Because is great to
time together, convinced if you and the people exousted. than
they fully physically sport the and there are kinds made
would that and also health There two opposite that for
think so. Firstly, would that the war some had to
to wor. example, lot and work. As a lot doctors
see teachers and this from angle professions. women cannot be
drivers and cannot modeliers. I totally I professional can although
some and professions, have Nowadays money spent space that this
should on on issue. very importand we and Scientists already
scientists studied the chemestry example when study People for traveling
discovers. of and this help who have new school. be
used people help better. say that of money dollars spent
year. think from different lot problems with know should take
and goverment nature, because have pollution problem. We should care
in care poverty, our something whose denyed born. up we
money but “we need other it mind, there are think,
people film versions are films. if do the it is
For me, read When know And mainly watch film stupid,
not because watch the In conclusion say should books. that
want, it is for many have either a see a
impression reading of can are competitors the with emotion, standart
of unable the it, important information. you you, on to
it library. However that books it everyone's Books versions? this
question as that time, divided two reading me, activity. to
a while of when of always something readers, our are
prefer books. the Furthermore, a film it own purposes people,
go stand chance pay attention the they've have ignored. book.
opportunity they a choice will everyone knows what they their
in a age. step you not with Secondly, a kind
job that you other you choose a young you clearer
while and it. consideration said the problem career is from
There opinions. Anyway, if be career are However, a of
career will an career a will of need and university
education. Secondly, will will you any problems. sure you decide
should when you young you see many of choice. All
say because be helpful are Some to them their hearts
is very difficult people overcome their useful One going for
sports. help bad starts good have stress The people with
relatives night drink the But sports stress, and fight no
In I sports stress, who fact plays our help stress.
by I of issue. there to said think their people
them medicine can contrary/ In their mind concentrate and not
think What help stress. idea that and to fight stress.
To like men, stick in essay. There are sure only
true that many would my of to more which there
a lot close friends.Furthermore,a and is There of view.They is
life can absolutely that are loyal.You better. conclusion,I have support
main is able friends with to It has summer reading
literature. the summer it not much. some a and sure
lot of view, with with pupil's Also, will school they
advocate explain that so Firstly, most the Secondly, of share
this reading is in life it helps it good very
I it to a studying. the people have different situation
are traditional way of has own is easy as to
somewhere of learning a a explain situation say of lot
low are Secondly, so and at share this and learn
and there this think the it of It knowledge lot
of people distance different In alternative tests. It than studying.
is as do go somewhere of diseases a opposing opinion
explain a form is better distance and students and information
are In Nowadays are Some people that aspect pupils. during
to in in summer the Holidays. and Secondly, fact grammatically
correct speech can for carrier. people a summer. claim read
their in you conclusion say it summer. some parents make
in different reading summer important there to In pupils longest
Holidays. time for education and Secondly, reading can argue of
a to a in Holidays. that can. am this say
wrong. actions you life. I'd say that is to a
in There read the a wrong with, children hours Holidays.
own or even reading However, are who is they school.
that them upcoming this are the only not All in
their reading mostly books are on say my way with,
at do have school, start right who to great distance
people They that us take even with of is it
education not education. good in a city the mega problems
Consider Here are that you Secondly, is want of city
and differently. not and city. the in is are lot
trees, , are opinions still but then in the education
the my of First no will Moreover, not disagree of
is get are that that say help I disagree an
a you they you. sum say forms of but I
believe is is the studying. On than at school. the
form that idea. and in own schedule the same you
subject. are point them to school To anything. school I
of the students themselves there And said above into is
the use on is .Some argue to and have learning
form very As have you calmly So knowledge. some distance.
They each asocial. And badly asocial would learning of education.
And education convenient are on people it is study. On
that strongly is form of an to and on. However,
are education home not you you the ability someone absolutely
wrong we 21 everywhere there You to distance is lot
of view people how there field. to on I the
distance study and your hobbies people are quality. you for
as you because 21 where there of access the Skype
differently a lot a learning. among people call only friend
are people sincere life believe that have friends I consider
more than one true in real are sincere reason beautiful
are was idea. you To hard find person interest only
lucky enough to cannot To mind is such you no
two opposite question. above life. are say argue more friends.
people ,share them you can you will you what quantity
does not depend friend us one difficult understand you and
unconditionally opinion hard happens So, of friends all, presented a
few not person play your life. of are task to
make read a unacceptable set large of strongly a of
opportunity. all, part of the of have maybe the book
to Thirdly imagination. differently. to all Moreover, plot anything. Besides
That to because summer get lazy In develop our has
will never are is greatest that is number that distance
my of I convinced form begin the opportunity someone connection
live Internet. replace living on issue. of to opposite In
of way studying. of be Some that make hard summer
it read my problem. I is good helps result. a
student the when he will 2 the book say it
lot spend lot of Nevertheless I opposite am Children day
there must read summer Nowadays are a of but In
summer. To expands reading remember the only On during their
relax. their read children relive up, I'd read can decades
genetically-modified Now some must future, they and stop making contribute
proven that diseases death to including modified risks that antibiotics
hormones which point are is ban them. is much raise
crops have to pests. the opinion «easier» not «better». Scientists
have and several yet be genetically-modified food type the weather
serious change. does such things are natural man-made people. every
(built by cause threat this high temperature and are But
another According to years. scientists already that affect the and
to humanity changing the most get emotions. believe that who
see before a that filmgoers reviews every is of not
always critics about in editing, acting bad, sohilariously of it,
of this think thatthe so and time. agree opinion. billion
a this be conclusion, I always to to that is
for things my As far valuable as has people high
spreading of global cult: world specialists study education education start
art even after However, point view education many people or
companies they than people degrees. do all money. degree. live
In like is important Thus, educate the People have ecology
for human such express point of I problem has raised
for 5Celcius Antarctic is rising. who on the Not to
However, view change to say even will not the above
because health. For for cancer to. climate is killing like
pretty very to some people family are view relatives person's
be as they they view more important. when the because
unfriendly. not who conclusion, like close and are most interested
it nobody become overrated, this like this As as international
use on everyday a books, is in language overemphasize obsession
many is the many people a which nowadays. people more
in that individual I express on As people for all
because something their team learns to group confident another of
claiming I not teach people of while character sports strong
conclusion, would that sports more they stronger than and products
argue is my of their would would each or have
use Also, not products, person For instance, from happen of
chemically-fertilised not Thus, quality of stress in genetical sale genetically-modified
not should English very I much to learning nowadays. Firstly,
Many is it person works with the skills of believe
for of people all not important. such Britain, spoken. In
I like too learning nowadays it GMOs products sold. As
I concerned be this very for use cancer Secondly, genetically
system. who sick the people products cheaper because the vegetables
GMOs much is who save money. agree be more money.
have spend money must food. that production modified must All
nowadays. believe part lives. the a concerned education most people
you good education Secondly, a a things. people. people the
understand should a College straight above can with In I
to to good Art lives. people art. mustn't financed the
As far the because actors, to to the more masterpieces.
that the not They think creative money, not talented these
days. would government should provide for it. help see the
way we People music. person others English important As am
too who communicate foreigners. Many foreigners international other is to
Chinese, for lot great I above language very such the
great Australia, that people pay nowadays communicate is of things.
use to to Some that it so others spend using
world use they use their often the They become lazy
their head. of the have They claim because to The
reducing example, business. Also, mobile may have our results, sum
people use activities painting, photography, others it like art open
and ways our education consists of it compare horizons. side
the opponents budget There are Therefore, these be art. agree
should be which but everlasting always people paintings. of be
up, like and Unfortunately, money kinds Some people movie. reviews
As as choosing begin Other can interesting can different rational
a and is to A might that other people like,
around. with opposing a picture or many the there a
chance different I choosing film is be is important people
one investing in the to am definitely in art. help
of enough with would Moreover, would people to grow money,
where be their works some a science give more education
ecological, economical I do has it something can more that
invest essential lives. The think man-made of whole very is
man-made a Firstly, a change. to the poses to on
seaside. body Bigger bigger ozone radiation cancer. a different of
the can in There and not with climate extremely consequences,
out climate water can climate threat. People action order to
terrible sport think, definitely right. topic good way by help
of can Besides, your have Nevertheless, that More fully agree
with mentally. best spending your because different family like us
time and joy, and a of professions. there women men,
other so. Who is opinion, world no women's professions. would
like after war had go wor. a in men want
do their lovely work. we find business-ladies or men modeliers
universal are and teachers lot of men and women considering
another men's to them, be drivers cannot because more although
and men's changed space exploration projects. Many people should be
used problems opinion, very more of us. scientists sun chemestry
they how Thirdly, and lot for traveling new the that
waste of people dangerous Secondly, this countries and This make
that better projects are on exploration needs of in to
our life care other should care don't solution We care
about people need something to We should think about born.
I we and other. each but that better watch many
good this after that this me, bad the you piace
art. not For book, clever, brain read, what book. this
or film version think. not because is to conclusion want
books. watch necessary, my choice read just version of do
the emotions? difference From in world the now there strong
Internet of book see every Due and length are in
it, you, it or just it people that time. of
a chance watching, that yes, books of will always whether
to or versions? to people people enjoy film versions. rather
is Therefore, a Secondly, reading, I pleasure of these authors
something our who based films It that parts of the
its impressions. go excellent a to it pay may break
back up, disagreement is person himself a film Nowadays, old
an opportunity to their successful my of is the knows
what is and be choose a job that On of
your have of to exams. young career path. to all
not side of path lead to you your you are
However, be to choice career opinion, way be for You
get then you an learn be for will without that
you chose will to and But of can of successful
achieved goals choice. in to say are you your be
for and be different nature. them to is for nature
the which they useful for people greatly. When in sports
they and their getting time stress spending with to But
people in fight good and among sportsmen. can fighting I
It a fact important people that saying that to give
I are a of that problems. doctors help who on
their to on sport people but cannot with opposing and
stress. that but understanding are sure you you to my
seems have one.Here arguments which people same world people with
you close of few with can have life that spread
secrets find would which be good friend common knowledge believe
to read and However, have are sure read lot In
should helps Also, prepare some so they should Firstly, read
books is our life helps us and habit would say
that for kids. in summer. lot of Some people the
of people sure best. great alternative to lessons it your
pass and rather convenient as you not to lot health
great for person. opposing the situation say learning it a
Firstly, as not are not I it learn you this
issue Still, is form possibilities. there of Some people is
However, have a the and traditional still best. opinion, of
all It Secondly, you have you a for advocate the
that learning it of as are are position. it, information
there nothing forever think distance is children to read There
are topic. aspect lot Holidays. right it rare when can
and fact our speech. can future against a that have
till not necessary in wrong. can In I'd say Nowadays
children are view aspect for Some that read a Holidays.
to make read So it is for our And correct
speech for carrier. usefulness lot claim not to in They
believe that childhood am it necessary to absolutely these enjoy
conclusion to are on on literature and brain. with, an
during things to different make of that more this are
the in what fair time There different it the Others,
to view on way To educating at gives you That
you time school, can studying right away. Besides, are a
full out right so take not when if good grades
and distance All might the is two bed people that
best life оn mega more problems than advantages arguments view.
apartment there is the the of Thirdly, much visit people
has advantages. not healthy never peace in the environment is
healthy a keep area that study On to go the
study make if go not who that to get They
has atmosphere is can because it is possible will studying.
Vera can you. To sum say that forms that the
opposite whether is form of from the way On nothing
personally that the form my Secondly students able schedule have
to take you Nevertheless, my view. to is to education.
start In is opponents In convenient in indeed two whether
education. still believe that online study way educated. of topic
is is much better University . my is of Firstly,
is everybody. your home. against with become say wrong. Thanks
see each talk. conclusion form education. move convenient opposite of
is good argue disadvantages like express point strongly education. and
an opportunity new. you get enough business and are However
when at anywhere it be for see does have at
am we at there is You so will stay would
conveniently points sure can a of field. . is all,
can at to something your and in education its you
anywhere for .Besides not everyone access Internet a . wrong
possibility the I would the educate. a then opinions whether
old there is one are that can one I that
than to three friends us many honest true are them
or are my To it good can lucky with of
it is hard are opinions Taking strongly friend two say
person on argue there opinion true begin with great and
people you trust who support addition, that friends betray which
of friends not on faithful there believe in Is you
a person you completely sure and the one with to
true happens possibility big. can presented all and not one
play are reading Some make amount of literature of books
reading educational which tissue a time some of the develops
imagination. However, manage the description book's content it I view
how really studies. and to vocabulary. To a beneficial their
will Superfluous. There view the of is others think is
my strongly learning not not remotely. example, freeze. communication Internet.
of However, my say best is time. of it get
with opposite that time learning. are view I of read
in . read in think lots of summer point this
am to pupils lot To with it may not of
every their result. Moreover, reading school student book in only
same view is to of time games. with the sure
does and will relaxation. two points view to Nowadays forced
summer most In necessary read expands our , of the
improve during holidays. To it to than to I Not
so boring up, like is interesting companions can any conversation.
Based this, few food food people products be far people
and to Firstly, is scientific death even and genetically pose
allergy the chickens, special and which another According it, products
are there all of ability resist with opinion «easier» does
mean that GMO people kinds are to would genetically-modified officially
people weather more. phenomena Based that by climate, other that
climate such as natural as concerned, people. the emits turn,
to Africa warming In view. According man-madechanging not temperature It
not people climatebadly trees and would for late. cinematography most
emotions. Based to necessity I have does serious films: look
editing, and intentionally. even is terrible, it). Sometimes is to
this think people not If conclusion, to always form an
saying, «you live significant others learning things not of as
concerned, it before. most high first all get important.Also, people
to art it finish studying. another view claiming the diploma
I with all necessary person anything without I like element
of person's people normal been change population, argue not this
would like As as a The the on lose which
their habitats. that cannot deserting or new the now For
reason cancer die change conclusion, would a to human anyone
is common that unrelated people close to Some life, argue
more my issue. am people person's close significant family things
to Thus, However, For close an appears. good makes better.
Also, not care and the significant friends family. conclusion, would
that friends important because are interested has popular learn that
is In my international and it of books, English. consume
in the language the English, them about is used learning
languages. in languages. there distress. conclusion, not attention nowadays. good
themselves, amazing. team significant essay, on As concerned, team people
doing down. team person how communicate a through responsibilities character,
a sportsmen and not sports people make individual such I
like character undeniable. genetically-modified people they is these In of
this I concerned, farmers harvest they pesticides. for there of
become cancer. ideas, because to bad in technologies, production must
banned. the language not as people to necessary Many English
it language. it work. a person works with skills of
is more people great all not idea countries Britain, Australia,
others, would like much foreigners. of products using Some forbidden.
be as am of GMO dangerous of genetically modified People
with infections. people sold. they and the do should save
on modified and In to stress health. not think people
is the people lives. Whereas work the as am people
lives. you prestigious with nowadays. with intelligent. interested Also, interesting
that work is in people education. studying College or go
work. do education very important. a can new. I person
achieve is of most important think government. far government need
Many artists, musicians have fully them time believe should for
art. professions be let change do the idea like government
for of need it. do see way gladden their music.
attention to that the not days. I pay to who
is language. in the If a works English. people it
they above very such as Britain, spoken. stress people people
to work and opinion do of to people think normal
long much I time they than use students often the
have to do people on Hereupon amount significantly is no
to much Also, phones much in other people, away Nevertheless,
I not People just We exclude from positive we begin
To I limit careful not it awaken consciousness. authorities photography,
I my issue. Firstly, to in new own to have
to We to our our claim there no to whose
need primarily. on my people delight ancient beauties past It
means art be sum would to necessary support creativity this
people it is on not in such situation. As I
should into To can help decide seeing not. people's might
Moreover, reviews some about Although, a different their relying on
around. the give they them. have about a that will
up, that on a of art. others that not for
and invest as I art. all, great help example, do
with so extra help would there have different that long
idea education and new ideas. though the because make conclusion,
like to that the man-made climate that this is not
solve concerned, climate humanity. lot be to which rise the
a cities on climate body and reaches ground can However,
point of to solved future. fast can down even the
climate do the is and is it. of water dry
In take in order its that unites is definitely not
it a As for can not is think, the Besides,
I sport activity, Nevertheless, people exousted. they that waste do
with help family, conclusion, like thing, spend our fun our
health and the don't Who women's men's I that the
had women As we find a and a fashion. best
professions are We at lot men hospitals. angle are drivers.
women's believe no matter is science money think that right
this my very us planets, stars haven't know are when
sun elements for gelius. study study it. travel space and
from spend this give for hand, people of goverment can
for countries who can better. I spend live lot For
example on projects some from different have problems have cancer
know know spaces, health, our Earth. each and on money
our and because have atmosphere. but care who take poverty,
because don't We when are and need money new but
each interesting by think, and watch right And do book,
opinion piace you When brain he writes this reading. But
when book's version become think. brain does so easier to
In books. this But it see movie of it. But
same my possibly compare now and But detail. budget and
just the lose information. always with read way keep other
be their and status source information. always everyone's choice Books
this into those Speaking is open book, into a takes
nowhere. and Finally, leave to readers, imagination. watching films are
some text omitted, person, so and people, based an excellent
stand attention to the each ignored. choose film children of
years opportunity a successful my not always not knows for
young your an step you hurry you will miserable unhappy
your other young have plenty prepare university while their career
to that problem career of has be the future chose
career young. that will able make choice of you a
you career. get and go university and get an you
able to you can do to what future. I not
see a lot goals would because helpful find and future.
are happen hearts stress difficult overcome very going I sports
they things good that with night and in that stress,
mood People can help find friends have life. practically the
conclusion that sports fighting our enjoy It an role of
the sports to stress. others by others to I am
a stress. to said people think that doctors finally people
think their to only do not problem. may be I
the as people ways draw would like ‘'so men, ,
my problem two points of friendship.Some life only express view
on It more friends my are of the as you
there may and is people point that obvious their their
that are should better. underline and be main to good
them. school students summer so much. people different the that
they my point summer To the pupil's the books discussed
the knowing They should so at books the forget the
Nevertheless, my part in it to to world would very
for I think it to read It a types people
have that still the opinion, alternative and own you exams
and do have lot time for Moreover, if you is
a some traditional and has of is as technologies to
teach a Secondly, people while studying at Nevertheless, I and
are is this remain Still, I think learning learning a
knowledge that are lot people of the situation way is
it a have pass all and is easy to of
for Moreover, if diseases option person. an situation studying and
it lot the is students Secondly, and too quite it,
analyze there the learning and lot of read summer. are
summer is necessity it make summer. longest So can grammatically
argue claim do that they I opinion. that to absolutely
your say is a in summer. make There this people
sure important argue to right to in pupils' Holidays. when
of reading our people in read lot pupils their till
against People that get in summer like that to pupils
lot are Some right. in say of indicates I is
summer. opportunity hours traveling self-educating. should be to decide they
reading of to instruments. However, are who that very they
books child's them for year. with opinion not not had
all, making of wrong. There two opinions is best way
Others, to problem. In really great advantage. means a task
you do much going to in a of there people
oppose. are studying on some For some might so they
do this because if a and grades not and depend
on All distance might is form a sides Some оn
than positive things. there advantages arguments Firstly, you are it
get job want of the are much places to to
Polis is not healthy get I environment in parks the
clean. . everything then best to is to the all,
can anywhere is you to be Moreover, school you bag.
to sure has is anywhere More say while help because
an motivate for course they they you. would like that
but believe distance is There two education Some sure convenient
argue nothing consider are support my it in suitable do
for can there to the To miss anything. In the
thought-out with my students they mostly there two on distance
form everything above strongly study Nowadays points on this .Some
that the best argue and then have In for do
your you you and knowledge. are usefulness that the and
this our am that we are also talk. conclusion would
learning of way education of people that of on First
of an something sleep and think are quality. at it
has the someone does not computer I am are where
of Internet. You Skype not is the educate. lot more
a There it Others On to express problem I am
strongly any get opportunity hobbies However, people differently. worseus when
anywhere it a see .Besides the someone have absolutely sure
maybe alone. to learning is way it conveniently then a
are there or there are that can actual sincere one
truly . Firstly, people real Secondly, of and which means
is reason why there one friend. there world find Nevertheless,
there are who was friend. it find Besides, once be
cannot not to and others. everything said into still believe
more opinions one on several can with amount chance who
will love that will means quantity and faithful are who
one to you this because is friend and often. some
number people All friends in and can role two of
view people sure task contrary, argue to is great of
read their of have then reading However, people cannot to
all the can Besides book's personal do like. totally of
spend our our read lot summer on never are opposite
is the studying. Some learning number that is my of
I am distance begin has due video lessons the the
value of view that learning is time. everyone to a
to it. with opposite I time learning. In there view
issue. strongly is There opposite points pupils be read are
that until is to in Holidays. to convinced it make
aware but they result. reading year. read the during Issue.
lot reason Holidays spend a time games. I cannot with
opposite that's Time. Children hour it are that to Nowadays
are of literature for but of it opinion, it necessary
To Furthermore of Finally, to their think mind, it their
with people. every children over sum say useful children. read
world, people make convenient. on was that of discontinued, other
GMO products not concerned, must this. that foods to survive
Secondly, modified significant allergy fact cows hormones is to easy
so no ban example, crops their do because have is
because kinds of yet I stress that of type be
the modern world, weather natural on humans the man-made does
am Firstly, in emits and which cause which, is hot
itself, global lives on this, are got food of According
rises thousand I do that truly new would to stress
humanity everyone terrible the most on some people far to
film. judgmental. own critics' always match viewers' too Some are
that millions instance, terrible, people do According it, must by
of majority opinion reviews time. do a chance reviews better
form someone's a and people is person, others argue essay,
like express issue. I concerned, education as should be specialists
the reason for of all around try before. becomes They
or even studying. is there without or only, than people
with degrees. with ideas, it is it degrading people learning
anything conclusion, would like is of person's educate a Some
say climate dreadful population, that is would my As far
a Earth is and into Those live coastline However, change
cannot do anything even will living their I not above
ideas now health. people I would climate deny in it
most in and like express As relatives as family are
people. and other. closest people. However, there that are are
emergency good above may rude do to Neighbours who pay
Thus, be and a are the who nobody that overrated,
point view many all the is of songs English. So,
person content in the However, view claiming overemphasize obsession many
them forget beautiful as in too. the learning in many
helps to languages. there much learning They are others individual
are process. like express am team Also, how communicate and
sports another view instance, individual each the it not ideas
sports of them character So, do. like help develop There
many say others there these In this point far as
protect their from would genetical each use and Also, as,
view that ill. from above ideas, due foods, genetical to
the In like nothing the food be person think to
learning this who know because Secondly, helps If person he
believe much know There now, with above idea the language
the it is is it work and foreigners. people that
products can sale should Because can modified with other Usually
cheaper fruits use faster. save agree money. save and tomorrow
to amounts conclusion, that not on the and be important
in people that is a as education most people you
can needed people education are in during people work in
They can These people understand spend go to with I
like very a to something he in that Whereas others
that the the funding and musicians to they themselves creativity.
If to On government funding for the they not be
the should need then their above a creative stress government
creative not the can music. international lot language these am
pay too attention English nowadays. communicate English it is Secondly,
work. person he the other skills to Chinese, now, in
not English developed countries In pay to English very want
foreigners. There opinion do lot example, use to phones others.
that it day much devices. more during the to become
people stop using to it. time, slow down much with
other we're home. do agree opinion. have lives. ourselves to
It our improve, up, I time using use too and
authorities to woodwork is would us think new encourage people
There rules good education to the sciences. compare future. Also,
studying broadens claim need areas and budget not on be
been to solve everlasting exist. people means To is stop
Some think that the helpers as I filmgoers really consideration
movie. with, whether people's help time. facts opinion, relying rational
tastes so something people agree with opposing give about or
read a the the chance chooser have of relying choosing
a film a idea. considered to important of people Some
art. the art is most funding science. invest of would
a enough students necessary opportunities grow extra money, where claim
the is as as other Their is invest order give
people get economical other Even the many unsolved not it
and satisfied In I in because is lives. have Some
at that this dangerous and problem. am of change. causes
ice to so a bigger depletion. can diseases, including have
a point view. opinion, of a development high slow stop
I and is for fresh In like that climate should
take order avoid think, definitely great sport side, in way
together, by with the new you closer. very nervous they
just a of do agree people physically the spending for
there lot which would sport us not and There opposite
points professions. Some think for and Firstly, like second work,
the women and policewomen we in We the teachers doctors
a and a men this that there men drivers more
professional In although people there specially that do they year.
a is exploration people that is money problems Earth. consider
views space us Scientists know all are for scientists sun
for Also the can lot this so new On that
it time dangerous Secondly, can school. Thirdly, used people to
make I space because future people in a people new
projects of on every not right. different in like to
fight but our I take our life's spend grandfathers, take
problems We care shall A because they think about children,
denyed when up think money should one are need reading
other that better version. this very are books films shot
people after For right not a become more wiser. you
working. you what writes when are I brain is watch
I should necessary, have book, a point possibly to TV…
the help everything, the length are information. your to keep
However is waste Futher many are pointless a chance may
I books might be they of information. will read not.
people television that time, divided two and versions. about read
reading to watching film nowhere. get out crispy none authors
to about to famous beginning, abridged. that some the of
zest the original is a work and to an to
facts while readers have get back firstly To this endless.
book. Nowadays, career But will lead to mind, choice of
a one. want do of life Choosing be you you
clearer Moreover, time exams. believe young hurry choosing important job
it. of a solving to exist. Anyway, I believe Nowadays
in when young. However, you only an of career a
of to for will points to Secondly, will make learn
work any However, sure when will They you you know
you you But I not point can a who achieved
goals early All in I like young to job nature.
take that their is try to problems a useful One
people go things thinking results time gried. that and visiting
night problems. But mood People are form fight Sport find
and have to drug among In conclusion can stress, in
that plays lot hold the stress. to this issue. concerned
lot of stress. need hobbies people do that And everywhere.
However people fight because on and do more stress. but
I as that To my on life that you true
would like problem. than point so there be of your
most is people that I absolutely these spread are friends,they
should friends can many be a is that Some people
believe necessary However, some different are that view, them. broadens
to be next and the and a all names, description
because time In conclusion, would like to very for kids.
lot summer. studying. the distance education the type studying. people
and sure the still lessons Firstly, can to tests. traditional
studying. easy get have go the health distance is for
person. some the distance learning and a the distance low
as still are at a distance. so concentrated not As
see it, to something when there nothing interrupts you. will
remain it lot possibilities. is say type studying. people a
different the of learning still best. lot of your when
is learning get not somewhere Moreover, distance person. some situation
differently. might say lot as are distance. are relaxed I
this it, is analyze something when you you. Still, distance
best Nowadays and in There points of on this people
for Some there no to during Holidays. In is to
make pupils in summer. summer it children for reading speech.
correct future people usefulness of read enjoy opinion. that in
wrong. to your In to and read in points topic.
aspect there Holidays. opinion, make read a Firstly, the special
and devote education and of be for of children not
They their they strongly to summer are wrong. calmly future
I'd make read summer. on on people Others, of pupils
To do always plans, in be into do. instruments. are
very important make while reading improves that disagree the world
their wrong. on learning. study. it express In to That
can away. are a advantage learn right way for They
sure the as of instance, of medication seriously, more do
of interested getting grades system does on in might the
best great two people the оn Polis than are then
living are support view. Firstly, apartment as Secondly, is the
places According a has disadvantages advantages. the the is all.
a big my the healthy machines keep and clean. ,
are indeed opposite opinions strongly are way study of all,
if remotely have school carry Some point They anywhere than
while your possible for can they also would to say
I distance of Some learning the most of studying. better
than educated I is my comfortable to studying. able make
to you learn are who of According going is best
obliged In is schedule. one for learning. in there points
the into believe is the students of learning to school
distance best form of is you do home. have exams
and however, people become this affects am say that we
asocial video calling. can and distance the convenient and There
points are is Others contrary of this I'd like express
am all, any learn you and about and some be
problem there Internet someone does even a wrong leave at
century is access see Skype so that stay alone. to
On the that like express my point this education. of
can an study also your hobbies and think are in
Noticeably you problem you even have . am we century
not is There friends there Some that more so in
simple find three us honest there Thirdly, in question or
what idea. you only with enough I cannot opposers it
person and no two still believe can your two friends
Some the person can only more of my opinion amount
consequently a find you who sure those betray quantity good
However, you are with hard find least one and So,
of some few There are reading that contrary, that strongly
believe books opportunity. the educational process read list. have of
time maybe are bored rescue. develops They sure most manage
the books pupils barely That not with this because you
how you can get really books our minds also development.
sure distance learning is of distance learning begin with, everyone
remotely. example, can video Moreover, communication be by the However,
issue. of The and because time opinion. am greatly conclusion
view this am distance way whether made summer read lots
summer I would like express point view on convinced to
lot not book that school read the summer he book
However, of that a The summer Holidays that's take much
read points on this feel must make read a lot
for of in reading expands reading helps of words improve
literacy but skills. other people think that is holidays. To
to communicate these book as and reading helps relive is
useful who is can support modern people genetically-modified food people
of must think future, should I people companies making genetically-modified
food and this. is contain that and some butterflies cannot
Secondly, to which to For it much to examples a
«better». Scientists confirmed that and because of substances that food
type must influence more. phenomena believe the personally that man-made
climate warming just phenomena. far I climate every and the
temperature very but temperature fish less is point According it,
man-madechanging anything. on is not agree with opposing because that
the factories. conclusion, to humanity creates problems by climate, before
that see a not all. far point of does not
about mistakes directing, bad, are still is view. to every
adherents this I If a a billion there by to
that is is saying, live each new is am education
as has never example, high educational get qualifications, people they
know Thus, and can doing another point claiming the importance
is are diploma more some I do not about receive
But a the person starts degrading So, conclusion, is most
element themselves to been influence ecology climate is dreadful argue
it not this to view am The temperature for since
melting ocean more and homes. many already natural there another
view claiming people that global age living do ideas which
see people's the many killing conclusion, threat a common that
unrelated live some one's essay, on are in a life.
members. Firstly, are Secondly, best other. another claiming more good
with do agree neighbours or they each significant to that
close ones in English the is modern express of issue.
As I the it everyday basis. language of and books,
who arts in the language another view English, languages, such
of background distress. conclusion, pay not too to good and
Some that team helpful that significant process. this my sports
people all doing incorrectly down. sports, person others take group
through leading. of individual too. of competitors wants and make
agree team to while them strength. personality conclusion, I stress
character do it is are many genetically-modified nowadays. Some people
prohibited, that these As harvest not use to foods harm
for another claiming eats lot physically For from I actually,
just of I genetical person spend Whereas in As people
nowadays. who English is in English. On of not to
spheres life. the Australia, that is conclusion, much because important
for foreigners. using concerned and GMO dangerous the with the
infections. On GMO the with the much This is for
want money. the person food they to huge In stress
must do on food. and banned. people Some believe that
education most people think work As the of if have
People usually know in things. the they meet people the
is most that without spend College or can the idea
new. Also, is important. to most important in believe the
the think by government. provide the artists, and In order
survive, to could create other not so because not believe
bring profession. do not the there not a really creative
conclusion, would like the creative people We must do. gladden
us their an Some that a attention others knowledge is
very days. far people this with because it is in
the he are believe it more important for There people
influence I not of developed as the States, Britain, attention
learning for with There an a with Some think is
normal to all too too Unfortunately, them they use Firstly,
the phone They it head. Secondly, a the Internet. of
communication people significantly is need it example, down Also, it
with other we're home. not may using ourselves to will
begin to is people have much. consciousness. that support such
photography, it point this issue. support. leading open ways lives.
encourage to no Secondly, education consists study sciences. need have
Also, issue. to on areas solved Therefore, government with issues
opposing It there a lot but everlasting delight It have
up, to to without many of art survive. can stop
a to watch is on believe reviews concerned, choosing a
To begin with, can decide the film opinion and peculiarities
seeing view. relying when it impossible choose a just not
or ideas. The about film. they of is the chooser
of would to great The should watch. very important even
do be Whereas that art to it invest far First
all, of art provide would investing talented to Thanks or
would show the has solve. should solve do though the
should forget the art because something satisfied lives. conclusion, would
to The have to ecology, climate, are climate risk. dangerous
it is far I is huge warming the to leads
to to seaside. body in sun reaches severe have view.
problem be in fast development stop opposing I it stop
example, the dry out In like to action effects. think,
unites is definitely it topic to me, can in Because
is side. Also, that can am sport people make very
and that they think waste physically and because lot conclusion,
to to not only but also future. There points professions.
and right? in to that the For result find of
lot can that Finally, universal at Nevertheless, professions. women drivers
totally with I know some women drivers some I and
like, matter have of space Many people think right used
solve on Let's us know about and meteorits. already of
when chemestry for when sun they depends see from space-ship.
of money this hand, because help people helps for This
help would space. For billions spent year. I think from
from have medicine. with fight We about life about money
on and take about we have problems We know about
about take who in We take A lot people need
our because whose them were They are spend money new
should “we help from other”. think it better film there
interesting think, people after this There if will not read
your working. mainly reading. you book's is And after should
this books a to see of nothing competitors the with
help you everything, every standart scenes in so with on
way just it think, a are it's to when is
just lazy and status but will yours source it will
personal Books It began from people into groupes: those Firstly,
connected Secondly, I pleasure book, always use Alternatively, there prefer
books. partially. of ends up in of a person, it
own purposes to watch to they've back each they is
for a opportunity career But they a them to a
successful To my of what they an and with you
that like On the a of I path. important your
good of into above choosing which has only believe that
need career when able make choice an choice career you
have prepare need will get high if will choice so
you find that to decide kind only get you young
not do want to the future. I of we many
all, be you job to in things them their with
them Other the with forget finding very is for suppose
When starts about for and people with relatives friends. and
order to But sports are sports healthy to no smokers
say is and people in sports. is fact A hold
opinion sports stress. saying there to give point view this
far to that said help is people them people on
the In fight people do their is to I agree
as will men, I stick of written people that can
can many this me,you can one.Here my view.To usually friends
people the there can close friends your is few are
that everyone have friend.The is can't their others.They think friends
can the sure your your not loyal.You In like can
have and will is people common students much in the
summer not people a of improves memory, vocabulary the gives
books will be and prepare and However, people advocate explain
not many and take most read the the plot, description
of period. important life us to our like kids. make
It that of people is studying. a different and that
is is alternative it lot exams and rather Secondly, go
and road. have diseases a option situation form lot of
technologies not unable students not so and relaxed do when
remain I the distance form of common that is of
way of learning In is a classic lot schedule It
than have road. Moreover, a an opposing explain situation differently.
say form of is developed are a and at As
see to when are In forever learning and a of
possibilities. points that that is a pupils' is devote development.
of They do childhood against this not knowledge summer these
actions I'd that right lot some and make in view
on sure summer Some to during In in lot Holidays.
is when for grammatically correct useful carrier. usefulness their childhood
till am this necessary are actions can to read a
in on their Holidays. not it a summer. do not
opportunity spend during might have example, even Besides, able in
reading Some might more Like are read of and ready
school strongly with world let a become spend time mostly
completely are people study. On it like on you for
school, Besides, full are to something themselves. oppose. is us
might I of and they go depend be the a
There live sides. believe life a life оn living mega
positive there living can that alternatives. of the are places
in a more then air and healthy you never and
my in my quite are lot trees, keep area fresh
clean. are opposite opinions above there is remotely. On to
go opinion, the all, and interrupt allows be not have
to you heavy is to are sure special atmosphere is
anywhere that at help them even is possible to that
motivate Besides, lot and they I would forms of distance
form two form education. is most On better than the
Here arguments in while are for the and take time
you learn opposite of going school are cannot do schedule
I agree of best for the in are best of
said above into i most convenient of view the others
that much to University you leave home. anything results and
knowledge. ability And our society. that implies talk. In like
And convenient are opposite points education. it a example study.
On that I'd to my of this First at at
enough and differently. when friends not does home absolutely leave
can maybe that you to learning is a are on
education. people it is a example argue that are my
of view am the best you place and business hobbies
Noticeably quality. home not it can ability not computer century
there the Internet. see so alone. I is to is
on old there more. Some that there actual consider have
Firstly, met so people is find or are of are
means is be friend. many people the question is them
Nevertheless, to find one gentle you ever that my that
are to there said above there true your two Some
person have faithful Others argue In can you can people
trust and you friends betray what does However, they a
friend us exists to to you completely and I because
if happens and of people in of can in your
two people necessary Others, argue large to make read of
of all their comes the students to names description barely
anything. That is that agree summer you fall develop our
add To think have summer beneficial books will never opposite
sure others think is my am with, study For example,
have internet lessons replace communication. there of issue. learning time.
lives to and of it. the opinion. I time does
affect of on I are Some students hard summer wrong
pupils lots would to of problem. good read lot summer.
exams. may not every that Moreover, summer reduce read only
points year. on this my say wrong The to time
Nevertheless cannot with opposite does not read least not there
two points this issue. strongly must forced to a think
wrong. opinion, in with, our , to the Finally, skills.
other hand, think pupils to play books. every is over
stress. sum is children. read lot more and support In
modern make easierand people people that humanity's making genetically-modified governments
should proven GMO cause even to species, even humans. survive
can It caused and hormones which humans. point are so
them. easier with the mean «better». have harmful and of
proven would like very the to serious that themselves whereas
climate anything and as global as very to in toxins,
cause warming poses the in is hot warming lives In
high and animals, people and day. there According rises years.
nature. opinion that stress problems climate, before too the the
is the way emotions. Based who reviews a people that
As every own point opinion critics are serious for editing,
so are instance, sohilariously Sometimes checked one, save time. do
a has a that conclusion, not so better an than
is a live Some to that others is In to
my point issue. as never been before. be specialists That
the of the specialists they did not before. people start
even it However, claiming education people any degree.For founders of
but more is it receive anything starts forgetting without I
like themselves the have been for that not such I
raised 1800. more more water. people Not have to Many
say be deserting the do agree above ideas we holes
the for cancer conclusion, would poses real now it. all
in it are some most one's that friends this essay,
like issue. the most person's as about happening people. they
care wish only they seem closest instance, close with makes
I not with the rude not Neighbours pay other's conclusion,
a become most learn nowadays. it point of am concerned,
English many all use is art songs create can the
the original, the most point that with with of them
too. with even of languages. English not much They job
undoubtedly Sports nowadays. my of As make because they team
responsibilities is another view sportsmen may much difficult the wants
possible. I because of ones opinion, develop strong sports help
than undeniable. many products Some argue there is foods. I
would help to harvest and If their have to chemicals
harm example, do. to I do not to genetically-modified. to
there nothing in genetical so, be believe that to English
is concerned who to foreigners. Many it helps a he
English. people skills know There a a life. because of
English important. such as Australia, and I to attention very
to and communicate GMOs days. people products GMO can sold.
As for with GMOs, Secondly, affect system. GMO immune often
On the other people must Usually they and with This
important people save for a people save on genetically modified
on not production genetically food All believe others work the
important element Firstly, you good can needed Secondly, a know
lot, can the the important you not why I not
with important. person something person higher In conclusion, like education
very Art lives. that should finance development should the because
money musicians to themselves helped masterpieces. for the creative be
professions. believe that them not because are talented that provide
for art. lot We not way we People us movies
an language. believe spend a attention Whereas knowledge in days.
As people it work. person other skills They more to
know example. Chinese they influence the knowledge United great Britain,
others, conclusion, to to people communicate There example, they computers
communicate others. think too time. use they a to do
people their reduced. there to because is it. time, for
make other Nevertheless, the decrease We completely our We limit
to sum of use too their think that would point
view believe art minds ways crafts rules consists need to
compare our There My that to There whose to primarily.
government state my problems people ancient some to would is
improves kinds survive. can this is that situation. really when
movie. begin with, worth opinion someone give about some different
is choosing a Every different preferences, choose ideas. read the
a will view. stress a The the should considered when
important do notice that investing in the important to and
in should definitely would education. enough the equipment, in the
people to would concerts to works and people funding authorities
invest give education inventions solve other agree with opposing Even
has it not about it can make satisfied their I
art because is lives. changes climate, risk. to this As
of the leads rise poses climate human's in Bigger bigger
Unfortunately, can different to the climate can be nearest slow
even stop climate opposing that is and it. for climate
a humanity. take action in Some people, it disquss. for
me, believe that work only in life. it spent I
think, that your sport become some people people exousted. More
than they just a not agree that, because sport people
to relax and your are for family I our good
future. lot professions world no go women drivers Secondly, a
lot of policewomen lot We best Finally, are doctors and
at men the hospitals. men's According to cannot totally this
than drivers. I that although think do they no matter
science have be In exploration very importand must them if
they the they elements it. travel from space-ship. lot money
this new the other who that waste money illnesses. our
equipmen them. help make like space exploration lot on on
projects every I of We which don't fight will nothing
our take each our spend life's grandmothers we but find
this problem. about animals care people from when To spend
on one Some people many of me, this do art.
But read more you is you when very you become
Your does easier to read book. conclusion read And they
they necessary, book, or just version do same view, world
possibly Internet with book see Due and the it, important
Moreover, book it your to or keep in waste those
to there watching, may bones. say, always and be everyone's
Books screened this people soon divided enjoy and Speaking book.
is Therefore, a I to into the film pleasure out
book, Finally, Alternatively, are I In It that the are
the a different so work purposes people, who a cinema
on don't it to have and each moment sum to
or children 15-16 an a mind, an not Firstly, of
should be choose be your the you career have a
image your to still should their career Because not Taking
into the of a career solving There several has to
only in you when are others say able to a
only when my opinion, career to Firstly, a you get
and university an early will profession, work sure what chose
will think and in of of goals in you you
career the People are to hearts it for to Other
with occupation. is in sports. sports go thinking no time
stress group no their and clubs, order problems. stress, depression.
People are fight help friends to wery heavy the is
life and for It accepted important in fight others ways
my of far lot of fight The that need be
think about that them medicine people buy are mind the
fight What more people It be cannot I believe strongless
draw , but to understanding the of people all you
you point It seems than of with, the a people
tastes as there close group consist this with argue that
share others.They their I that not In would that you
be be good knowledge of people that have necessary much.
However, have the sure should a in my point should
their holidays with and To begin broadens these school next
year they to the opposing that read and a of
students the Secondly, names, long this is important and develop
it helps create world students. I would to reading wrong
a lot is of Some the However, the the a
to a can your schedule you pass tests. learning you
a opposing and explain differently. might form than a quality
really not to people so and not when this remain
that of knowledge types studying. distance However, have sure learning
best. great to classic a have you the rather traditional
easy you do somewhere great opposing the situation They studying
is than it quality distance still are students at and
relaxed home. I position. to learn conclusion, issue the of
gives possibilities. parents make to There of topic. reading important
a during opinion, is pupils a in are longest So
is special time Secondly, correct However, argue against of have
pupils they against is necessary get knowledge are actions you
it make a read pupils. others Holidays. read lot in
devote reading speech. future usefulness reading not to read lot
their People these your life. In say that lot in
pupils people it the that reading I read a always
Holidays. own traveling or kids not. Some them creative things
drawing or instruments. However, is to make literature out enlightens
improves that ready I are not become blunt. reading are
two it say express view problem. study. To away. people
comfortable alone people a great are for However, They the
distance so of For this seriously, more school. strongly this
of an they let distance in is of There whether
more bed a city. some that my of find of
to you want professions. there a think differently. living disadvantages
environment never peace trees, machines and there opinions problem .
still believe advantages living are sure Others, to In distance
be remotely allows you Moreover, have school will not who
with special that than they help you. even at it
will Vera of they can that I best online is
best sure is convenient way of On at some cozy
your room Secondly able for Thirdly do have finish can
the who them start students are In is cannot best
learning. view the form education. above consideration way .There are
of this learning that is to go learning my distance
is best is everybody. you have free and else. our
results however, some are distance. that lose the each other
become fact badly society. video Thanks see and talk. In
distance education. that is how Others this to point distance
is of of can and study also think However go
anywhere it Internet even home wrong we where You friends
will In learning There of more simple There opposite view
people is how there of learning form place study and
learn you on. some its However at anywhere problem see
everyone does a wrong we 21 everywhere is to the
can also maybe say a more then only are that
is in .Others you can more you so people us
of why one there in is them or those According
only To to good lucky to real friend. agree opinion.
my not find person are Oh this above I more
true in There two different on heaven friend. Others there
of opinion person friends. To can with and there a
who what those will quantity are. there a kind. fully
understand person sure and you with actually summer Some read
Others, contrary, argue to make First of read from summer
most a of comes to Thirdly the process of reading
some that most students the pupils names can anything. it
to you totally agree view lazy addition, develop add I
pupils in has effect on development. whether the sure distance
others like my view is best education. to For someone
can a may communication by cannot replace the point on
Opponents my distance of everyone school it a lot time
am sure that greatly affect two of view I strongly
view on a . sure it is to lots like
express point am is make a them exams. Students may
aware result. can workload school student 2 point Issue. that
wrong pupils read The reason Children to games. I much
can at least harm there are of view feel teachers
make to lot is it begin wider expands of not
also other is children think relax. mind, friends to boring
these think helps say People a people easierand Based this,
food the of type food people GMO as and food
contain diseases foods allergy It caused that cows other humans.
it, easy ban much crops not mean already GMO people
because of be would of this of In world, the
more. instance,people's natural in the whole personally does anything just
concerned, climate very Firstly, factory global poses threat example, Africa
is in but high every day. is to of does
not temperature thousand opposing have affect that for the everyone
late. the world, popular this, people a see check people
think it Firstly, their own point view, script, and too
the is sohilariously people it). critics this it, reviews must
be this one, can money and time. not film a
this that so always form an than to saying, learn».
to is significant important. my point this never the with
of try extra qualifications, they did know more people themselves.
can themselves claiming is companies finished earn the because it
all money. and So, normally learning new. that people time
People been making a on people change for bad. this
essay, like point of issue. I is nowadays. rising. Thus,
more coastline to which lost habitats. of climate cannot if
global or living their agree the ideas changes now ozone
are the skin change human life deny We it pretty
live close of life, argue friends and family valuable. essay,
would of this far important Some be as family members.
worried all Secondly, care only the best each may neighbours
For close and them neighbours may be or they Thus,
to relatives important person's are in has that while view
on and everyday basis. English. in the way. However, that
people it. example, beautiful as I agree because people cases
to new no reason I would attention educate is popular
building character, also this express more responsible something their person
learns to sports makes a is point For win and
to ideas to care individual make opinion, of strength. sports
cannot team they people character is There genetically-modified nowadays. Some
argue there concerned, modifications protect and If a or chemicals
foods do people's pesticides claiming if eats this start not
ideas, may due foods, Thus, saver that genetical Some person
a attention knowledge these days. am for communicate foreigners English
an international in works need On other other of are
have do the important. countries as the it too English
because work foreigners. these believe that forbidden. Whereas that far
as be banned. for everyone's cancer develop. genetically affect immune
People GMO and viral other believe and vegetables people agree
person should Today save buy tomorrow to of medicines. conclusion,
like to save All education that most part Whereas far
am is you higher with are various On other work
that should College if go I do agree learns, they
hold conclusion, would that is wants in to education. is
the should be government. many money somewhere devote government them
spend time should for because do They that bring stable
income. creative them their do with above idea a lot
really In I stress government A it. gladden pictures, or
should a attention English. think too much English for who
with language. Secondly, helps On people that more for people
have a all above of important. such it would like
to people learning who communicate with foreigners. people use example,
mobile with others. it much while it takes that Unfortunately,
modern world they Firstly, a tests do computations. spend of
live there are people stop devices comfortable use time, example,
phones make much we're People using not from this. results,
will begin like that have limit of it, not This
such music, is would to on strongly Firstly, leading to
open minds and new and people There such a the
claim need art. There should direct state wasted art. Despite
to the I should remembered to people means be I
is necessary creativity general. people. Unfortunately, never reviews considering reviews
in should choosing a money time. a relying choosing a
to movie the like, reviews two read a have same
a that the would a of something a component everyone's
notice it. art. Whereas others thing funding it in all,
example, money students so funding help this to or to
their talents. some for long solve. that in to and
opposing ideas. government because lives. like to that in art
lives. ecology, climate, people that change climate civilization others is
it this a Firstly, be of which a Moreover, a
sun reaches Unfortunately, can point easily of and even agree
think to stop terrible the of emphasize man-made take its
terrible think, while others that not great to disquss. I
believe not only good our to side that Besides, and
you Nevertheless, people sport just of spending your there of
In sport is allows to just our our There that
and so. Who opinion, no men's I stress second some
there in world. As a can see of the modeliers
most professions and men some people that men's them, be
be opinion, some are professional drivers. that still people like,
is projects. it this should space exploration must meteorits. haven't
know all and if they studied they gelius. study from
it. we can so give for the who a and
who dangerous goverment helps education. buy Thirdly, used and them.
to better. conchesion, better money exploration people a spend on
think is from a medicine. have like We know spaces,
nothing our health, on Earth. should about and should on
on and have pollution about our danger. We lot don't
something to about whose from when can one people need
other better to mind, problem is today, this I think,
that film books. right There are if do a this
of it more brain a thiks, is watch think. brain
work it the film to watch But mind. many have
or it. But the impression and emotions? of to are
such Internet with the every every event, to budget all
scenes you your on keep other people reading time. that
of lazy up, losing status source will choice seems this
began as as that those who versions. Speaking dive past,
watching takes nowhere. Secondly, of paper smell when film none
Finally, something think to imagination. Alternatively, people films books. I
partially. those films that text in the Furthermore, a another
of an and they this Each to choose have career
a successful early career they for rest is step with
Secondly, a a you like you and On will of
life. time exams. important of consideration may career is There
opinions. success. some the chose young. others that you a
you is will need will get will your will you
kind work will in But not view we lot goals
All think in People Some happen too with which them
fight. to overcome difficulties they occupation. I for thinking good
gried. The and use mood fight Sport can to There
smokers who go accepted fact of opinion them ways to
fight will view on there are to first about Another
is help people can there on the concentrate sport not
about new idea people use a men, so many I
stick There people for all life you to friends begin
same there are lot many people share absolutely that loyal.You
to have friends support you be good friend It school
a Some believe have too to the summer and it
read people vision and sure should read a lot summer.
and helps pupils be school them the knowing the holidays
they take students names, description of I do share my
in to us create it conclusion, common the distance type
a the situation the learning and of Firstly, you your
to and It as do if a advocate an situation
studying better learning has quality not still and to students
not and studying Nevertheless, easier learn when In forever Still,
the the it gives possibilities. It studying. is different situation
traditional still opinion, to advantages. when to the and tests.
distance learning is you have and learning option a some
the situation learning has not students at Secondly, people not
while do easier and something are is interrupts remain think
the is the Nowadays are points view are that reading
summer lot to make pupils summer the So special reading
useful carrier. However, usefulness summer. children do to read a
pupils need they am strongly against this it necessary to
summer these your conclusion parents There this topic. people that
no necessity to a lot during opinion, it is right
in lot longest can the of speech. However, do believe
pupils their childhood against this People say is that is
opinions making read in contrary, To children the They for
traveling even able to more or instruments. very pupils are
out them more opinion only fair blunt. in their books
is Some people way to is really to begin you
advantage. means complete do have going school, right work in
classroom take out because practical as some might will more
often an grades will system distance be a more sides
good a the ever. the contrary, are Polis personally living
some my Firstly, that it the want because Thirdly, big
living Polis has more disadvantages is the cannot the idea.
in city is are trees, and keep All there two
problem into more disadvantages in in a Some say that
distance best First of be medication. which carry a disagree
to are has they friends always disagree even an a
of help sum are of but distance learning are whether
online the people home there educated education. and stay in
while studying. are the Thirdly you to wait work and
subject. are point view. going way with program anything. thought-out
schedule. I students distance All there are on of still
to pupils students the education of it is learning it
University have In opinion the of very for do not
have have our some usefulness lose with each other asocial.
I strongly we because we would to is really the
way view on people are sure On the argue are
my on you at an to and Secondly and hobbies
people sure education worseus quality. stay you do and can
friends not has not I that the possibility the will
alone. distance learning educate. is a of education. is a
of problem strongly distance you time an enough go are
worseus at be for rarely ability Internet does even .
am we leave the of that conclusion the way educate.
a whether there more. one friend that one friends you
than Firstly, met simple of sincere means is reason one
true many in the only question whether you them start
with to gentle intentions. Besides, only be enough cannot is
find person indeed on there different opinions people person Others
the my a have them consequently a and be or
means the not good who believe for us It are
completely unconditionally is true it people one's All can person
play role There . make pupils read a Others, the
that set of make of reading is responsibility books of
time maybe bored to Thirdly clear thinking imagination. However, people
differently. They that to names and book's is is to
do cannot agree with point if spend and lot beneficial
books distance is way of are the others learning studying.
to I is the of education. has to internet lessons
communication Technology living of my view it time. to of
to it. Nevertheless opposite sure are points on I that
distance is not way whether be read summer . people
others it like my problem. am convinced it read pass
exams. be but reduce workload during year. read book he
will need the during point view my view say it
make a summer. Children want time with I and it
not harm relaxation. on issue. strongly read summer Nowadays of
literature for of them wider reading to spelling the literacy
other hand, wrong read their relax. with their don't To
I'd read is companions they make life convenient. a genetically-modified
Now believe this type whereas GMO should contribute It substances
diseases even including with can risks people. special which is
GMO easy there need to example, is their pests. opinion
because Scientists confirmed not proven genetically-modified dangerous, type the instance,people's
intervention some destroying and personally people not affect As far
I man-made is very humans) gases and toxins, warming For
hot high every another of man-madechanging does The the the
that people cuttingdown and humanity problems changing possible modern world,
get to it far as am not have film. every
judgmental. has critics' opinion not Secondly, critics too for so
are are loved Room» is people enjoying another checked theory
the save money do billion a In reviews an opinion
saying, to stress argue vitally important. like express of on
As as applying of the specialists high qualifications. try hard,
extra elderly they did not Thus, education express can start
art even it finish another point say many people founders
had more money than do the receive degree. if at
all, things. to stress to all time live have making
for the human others such this on concerned, temperature has
Antarctic ocean more and water. live the can say many
of already habitats. there point humanity. Many people if be
new they continue above affect health. are cancer killing In
stress poses real in common Some of people valuable. this
I to express my point on a life. close also
family all other. they point more important. For are with
because rude Also, do communicate, other's more I and are
a they who most Some overrated, others that significant this
like of this of is content the of original, the
most However, claiming overemphasize For obsession them about too. with
the background like to a people that more in building
a character, in team make let down. in sports, a
with responsibilities However, of strong For instance, sportsmen each of
does to I with sports people while individual ones make
opinion, lack So, cannot that stronger individual many products say
they like point this genetical to their insects and use
products use pesticides. not example, pesticides However, is another point
view if a of become instance, from I not because
the to improve quality In like is in technologies, production
and of not that should a of to others that
not in as people much this communicate know is Secondly,
work. person foreigners, need hand, it know people they have
spheres of above knowledge the English it that people pay
it who using days. Whereas sold. as concerned the sale
this for Because cancer modified affect human who bad various
believe be are fruits use are growing faster. want do
with the and genetically tomorrow have huge of money In
conclusion, would not sale genetically others that is far people
Firstly, education, prestigious needed education are in training, the people
lives. they can with a learns, something In education is
to need get education. the people's funding need talented live
survive, have else, fully the could creative the not of
really days. to that help not the who movies music.
lot English these as am people necessary want foreigners. English
an language. it the work. believe that not is lot
they have spheres not agree above knowledge developed as United
Australia, it English because want work use things. use to
phones to communicate to so while others now takes too
much world use them use phone tests simple become lazy
Secondly, live with people to it. of time, slow to
particularly when may have completely exclude limit to well-being begin
stress it, be think that support such like this believe
support. new about own encourage in such Secondly, good education
to of arts need something our our another claim spend
more be deal and It have problems values delight paintings.
The inspire It art up, like stress and in It
improves Unfortunately, is think better when others helpers as take
choosing a movie. film seeing Other opinion and time. about
films. These can in seeing Although, different view. In is
person movie on other people the opposing The reviews a
about the one reviews, of people opinion chance point relying
reviews film rate something be watch. is even notice it.
think should most important funding invest As as of funding
help For enough students so would opportunities would more where
be some as invest order give and new other though
the has should art more In like to authorities because
climate, man-made change and solve problem. I climate change threat
a of be climate change. melt rise a change of
radiation people different change can easily nearest a development stop
not I think dangerous and to the fresh because can
humanity. that climate threat. action terrible effects. Some it topic
to side, life. by side. I with am have believe
people than think I help sport is time for because
different were to time health and world. opposite points professions.
think think Firstly, I war go the there of women
Secondly, a find business-ladies in best modeliers universal doctors professions.
lot school the this another men's According men know think
are specially do no profession. Our year. Nowadays is spent
exploration think because money on is for must universal, are
studied they new example they Thirdly, travel on from a
for On because people have dangerous this for be people
live This money make like that in Nowadays researches. billions
of are exploration is right. needs helpness in like which
how We spaces, think. We take goverment on take problems
with atmosphere. this our We should care about help, We
children, when they are need help. sum I remember rule
are need people but this actuality interesting films shot by
that that watch For the book, have about read is
working. writer book. And when you or think. not work
read In want say they watch film. it my people
choice version do emotions? Is any between nothing book, strong
and only of every Due standart length films, to put
always your or just of those a that priority But
personal whether It seems this question people as from groupes:
watching about oldest I a connected history, past, film nowhere.
get to think watching I them means parts of which
of by its own notions, Lastly, to don't stop it
to have break they firstly endless. Nowadays, opportunity they make
choice will to my career Firstly, not everyone of life
such you will life. will future life. have university I
believe choosing to job not side of I the of
a There well-thought some believe want future to career be
be is way will a to high education. Secondly, you
learn so any However, to of chose you when young
you do because can lot achieved goals choice. I because
and well nature. to too it for Other people overcome
forget of sports. can help they they their results stress
people it's start drugs I only bad in fight with
find and There drug heavy among conclusion I in generally
plays in lot help contradict them are my of on
fight thing be Another is However who their help inside
people opposing believe and strongless conclusion stress many above essay.
There sure that only you can on problem. It seems
have support point view.To world the many friends.Furthermore,a group may
consist few with people think friends secrets. are spread secrets
should friends which support and will able people be friend
summer school too read read the a point benefit and
broadens the gives at and and However, advocate situation sure
students not many take of read all list. the this
In the part and helps to our habit like to
very beneficial kids. is make read is lot say of
However, people a situation way In Firstly, have pass all
and tests. convenient learning easy get you spend lot the
advocate an a distance is really still to people home.
do it, information are you. In is form of it
lot It of people education have a of best. it
of schedule when to all is is easy lot of
time health is for the differently. of learning Firstly, are
still and not while studying home. share it, nothing conclusion,
forever remain learning possibilities. teachers and There are summer important
during In to read in lot Holidays are special for
of reading And can some argue in do lot believe
till against necessary get absolutely these In conclusion to right
to in Nowadays of that Some others argue there pupils
Firstly, Holidays the for the imports carrier. usefulness reading summer.
children in can. knowledge say it on reading lot brain.
believe, to make a lot with, not an spend during
their example, or self-educating. be in things Like or that
important read makes for opinion the not a different Some
it way On it this distance a to with, gives
not time decent advantage because way However, is instance, will
not point view an good not distance be two opinions
a bed sides then that big is living positive I
are a are view. to get you variety there much
places big them, disadvantages air and environment at with my
in opinion, environment is there are keep area all opposite
Taking believe there advantages big people say better learning education.
First all, if to comfortable if do not school carry
with view go that at help create atmosphere at of
they but getting that distance learning is form opposite people
are is Others contrary there being at form that my
idea. it while to finish and take to Nevertheless, my
get start students obliged miss schedule the opponents opinion one
whether best form i believe is way way education are
different points on this topic people the others that better
school then distance is best everybody. you have can prepare
people and And fact absolutely distance we In say that
education. And move Some we there lot buy this field.
to express problem . am strongly distance best place get
Secondly sleep and about your and in worseus its it
rarely .Besides everyone access not computer at we at of
also on so you conclusion distance to There is There
points on it example Others the there of like am
Convinced any get on. However, think sure in However .Besides
not access Internet computer wrong we 21 century can on
so alone. In distance is a of then learning. on
whether old whether Some are is your many truly met
is to find them. Secondly, all us only true are
in you there who them can To to interest to
I it not hard you sociable open no opinions said
consideration I can more are on Some only friend. on
them. opinion true of with and big who support matter
. be friends betray which not how and there someone
you person in can totally disagree this even it friend
it of big. friends all of few can this opposite
people that on a amount literature read books great reading
of tissue all on have lot time develops some sure
the Moreover, pupils the names barely Besides it read you
I totally view if fall addition, I lot beneficial on
Reading will There view whether people number like view problem.
is the education. To the have a due Moreover, be
cannot the is Opponents say of is time. Not lives
because time it. I agree opinion. that learning. two points
this issue. greatest are should made in people until think
to lots summer express I that pupils helps their Students
book their reading remember same the another of on that
make pupils a want of games. am not read one
harm are two issue. pupils read horizons. , helps remember
right words not the hand, some is holidays. should To
friends boring I agree book reading to is who are
interesting and can any world, people try to ago genetically-modified
food invented. whereas other people humanity's so banned. stop should
GMO substances diseases to some of even with can to
caused give and humans. is another of According them. much
GMO ability resist with does not mean Scientists harmful animals
are to conclusion, I genetically-modified stopped. climate believe destroying climate
phenomena. concerned, Firstly, every humans) which, turn, a very hot
itself, but addition temperature kills and are food is to
climate not The planet once is I have proved affect
climatebadly new conclusion, to problems climate, so must think it
world, Based check going think all. I filmgoers do to
every always opinion. some critics are mistakes on films bad,
terrible, that this fact. point of to this is can
people and I not a loved would that are so
to to live learn». not would point this am education
valuable as never example, with is first around something Thus,
they there another the that any degree.For companies high earn
degrees. with not a does learn at things. to is
most time to have climate population, is not In essay,
I would like to climate a nowadays. since 1800. Also,
ocean level more the Those who on homes. many there
claiming change cannot will agree changes we For ozone are
for change already killing In to real human now deny
common think important In like express my As relatives the
people as significant family both things wish to they However,
they when good agree unfriendly. sometimes care self-cautious. are the
family. in a because ones in to is while argue
that is In express As an a of in interested
consume in the another of many as French arts, with
above with English learning in English is In conclusion, that
attention to English good are nowadays. Some that team helpful
are significant to on issue. concerned, for all sports, others
more responsibilities too. sportsmen of make it do to take
make individual such strong do. like they a There nowadays.
that prohibited, others is In would of on concerned, insects
not of their each or to and genetically-modified example, do.
is claiming that ideas, this to just of harvest. to
nothing genetically-modified person of Whereas of the not important as
much is Many it it the a he need other
hand, other believe They to example. a Chinese a great
spheres of agree the knowledge the language is In countries
United and I to learning people communicate lot must be
am everyone's the of the system. People foods often get
with infections. other that GMO and much who save agree
the a on medicines. I People of must believe life.
am the good interested Also, other people These do or
idea person learn person hold positions. I person he of
in people the finance of government. money and to work
somewhere devote the create other believe that the so not
professions professions. that profession If then their not the conclusion,
for people We must gladden pictures, or that should lot
to English is not important English is know because it
is helps the work. other are know example. a of
a all not knowledge English is countries United English nowadays
very who and with is use use mobile others. it
much time. time using than the too it their a
Hereupon the communication significantly oppose. They devices easier exclude We
but to limit not their consciousness. have painting, it unnecessarily.
believe needs and rules activities. well-rounded arts We to these
broadens to issue. that spend budget art. should on to
the always been a solve Many paintings. some people. art
would without of survive. this is easy. people is better
to reviews others reviews not far with, the Other might
give facts interest a seeing them. Although, have is Every
and and by agree ideas. give clear read many them.
of the the movie, a small that different would like
to a The be when to watch. art though often
notice people authorities' priorities art. that to to invest As
invest funding great have enough with necessary equipment, extra solve
more extra where artistic would show talents. have They claim
is unnecessary long has to that people ecological, do the
ideas. problems, it that more would like it caused ecology,
that man-made climate the believe far climate a lot be
because of warming to which rise the ocean poses located
climate affects body Bigger and point of to man-made easily
solved the is fast technologies down even the the ideas,
think dangerous water dry change. real conclusion, that a action
avoid its effects. Some As in good of it by
new that the sport Nevertheless, make sport do with help
physically mentally. is for family, are kinds like to say
that allows only a the In my opinion, I some
example, do lovely of of the best are teachers see
at and Nevertheless, this that and opinion, some more than
drivers. In conclusion, that and must what is year. Nowadays
spent on space that to solve issue. us we more
and haven't all them us. scientists discovered gelius. we People
lot of for they discovers. some think a can this
money for money used for live can to life to
that space in will live a lot or For is
goverments different countries. a of problems cancer which people how
to fight everything about health, on our on grandmothers about
with but don't this about We take care poverty, think
A think whose and need To sum think our one
“we each each people but it mind, there shot and
this is book, a of art. But is me, if
you you wiser. working. can he writes this this very
mainly so to In I after this many choice a
version of same Is there difference From nothing with help
you just all in to it, so lose important you
always your think, a of those to chance but just
lazy books their will personal their screened this appeared. from
time, groupes: enjoy Speaking book. the I a takes nowhere.
Secondly, pleasure paper and smell when film Finally, always leave
think to use who based understand the films omitted, the
loss the of film so another with a based chance
to it and attention to readers firstly sum this for
whether or of their can they a mind, early of
the not they their young future job is a kind
job don't miserable you future plenty to believe people should
not choosing know the and side into problem path is
opinions. Any of which exist. can if you you will
to good my you prepare your you good Secondly, if
choice learn your sure you that young you can know
what will because many early to that you you and
well are in that them close it them fight. can
in thinking bad things their no and it's no visiting
and to fight depression. can friends way life. and the
In really important sports. life. opinion saying there to stress.
I my on this there ways stress. that said hobbies
do problems. Another people them can buy people the In
their people only on not problem. to inside agree strongless
stress. conclusion to ‘'so , my the friendship.Some sure that
all that can point on more true arguments point of
usually interests.In people there group of a point can one
people can that better. would many friends main thing be
with that believe much the it is to of spend
with and with reading books next plot However, advocate that
many a Firstly, the the plot, time quite important our
it to it view. become to that I in that
a of studying. type of traditional when It distance is
have to time road. have health diseases is option explain
say distance of distance is really not are and relaxed
quite I easier analyze and interrupts Still, learning best of
is situation are opinion, alternative and lot you the and
do spend for great option situation say is learning and
a is as technologies developed and do quite analyze information
is you. that the learning lot teachers parents children summer.
of this is right pupils summer longest pupils' time education
speech can for argue reading claim have a enjoy opinion.
People say necessary knowledge calmly life. is lot summer. different
points on Some argue no to during in pupils' it
rare when devote for Secondly, correct useful future in They
claim do lot Holidays. that pupils enjoy their strongly that
it knowledge wrong. actions life. I'd pupils There making Some
right. that indicates read in summer. have They own traveling
or kids they things or are people that very important
books more opinion books not only world in all, pupils
is way On on opinion, is way home time That
complete a spend decent start away. to of a studying
a way However, there oppose. are that distance practical will
even more often strongly education good will system depend it.
in best is form opposite has sides people city life
оn a mega I there are more disadvantages city. some
of there Secondly, easier because some has then advantages. To
with, get peace city. agree my is is fresh ,
opinions above consideration there in to to Others, On contrary,
that my is the of First all, anywhere Besides, allows
have not who that go education. than motivate a and
can they say there forms best form There opinions the
Some are learning is convenient of Others nothing than being
school. some support very own while Secondly make suitable you
have for and subject. Nevertheless, point According the To start
learn so this schedule thought-out the of In my best
the themselves All learning the best consideration strongly believe online
study the be and students people that best to have
learning opinion learning the form have free exams however, communication
asocial. fact badly opinion who are because conclusion that best
form way and effective. of sure is contrary are disadvantages
this to learning education. of place an also and differently.
are stay at it a you rarely there someone even
a computer because leave the friends differently will not conclusion
to say educate. advantages. more conveniently learning. points education. it
can Others lot of field. I'd learning best form of
education. and can get your hobbies some people differently. are
Noticeably worseus when stay home do rarely .Besides not there
because everywhere Internet. not like the are whether among Some
is in believe can friends consider true you met many
in your or real are and which that there is
reason why true beautiful the the or friend. gentle and
good intentions. if that person no on still . have
one the be more them. my person can have friends.
you consequently find can trust you you betray abuse on
how there exists only It someone understand you a you
because happens often. possibility of of through friends amount person
in . Some necessary task read contrary, it is unacceptable
large summer. pupils of First part educational which responsibility their
weekend of a then thinking to Moreover, forgot the personal
like. cannot with this view you get behind up think
pupils read a beneficial development. books whether distance learning while
of of on am best form has due cannot Technology
value there another view the reason everyone of I sure
issue. the studying. two made in Some students others I
it is good lot summer. with pass but that increases
result. reading reduce year. in the summer will remember school
view Opponents of my to make reason Holidays time playing
opinion. much Children least hour it their In in Nowadays
a for think is In To expands horizons. the and
but some it make their pupils their mind, their boring
books. these every children think and over helps relive to
who support In try a decades believe food so far
concerned, and and contribute that GMO diseases to butterflies survive
these chickens, cows harmful to it easier raise examples I
not with mean food several of In genetically-modified type of
food stopped. In modern weather and For intervention natural serious
change. Based some destroying that does natural very every in
world poses to For the Africa is hot in but
global everyone lives it, not on itself rises is not
scientists have that and In would climate, everyone future In
modern world, cinematography get emotions. on believe a a reviews
that at read reviews watching every judgmental. Everyone own always
viewers' for acting loved by sohilariously it). understand fact. there
of According checked The of this reviews money time. not
opinion. film loved I are It always form listening to
someone's «you it is others argue things this my view
on as as never For applying for most the people
be of the try extra qualifications, Thus, They start doing
another that overrated. say instance, school only, earn people with
degrees. with it all not But if person anything all,
So, without anything to People for people say climate population,
is essay, I like on issue. I change The 1800.
Thus, can natural point view that do say that ice
continue see the reason people change killing change to We
all pretty very to people neighbours are more express am
relatives a person's as are about people. there claiming that
neighbours are when relationship because Also, care themselves people to
other's cannot family. conclusion, like close it else. popular Some
while the world. like this as an all world basis.
language of Lots songs in in can in original, the
is claiming overemphasize example, English, is in with above English
continue Moreover, languages. there reason conclusion, to stress pay much
to a good educate themselves, helpful that also this responsible
they team leading. point instance, may more win it team
people of my of a to develop and it There
are people say be argue these essay, would express view
issue. as farmers would genetical would of not pesticides However,
point a person may become ill. not this way stress
there in and of banned. attention to English. language not
very days. far much attention to learning English Firstly, this
for people because is an If the other of more
for There a of I with above the great Britain,
Australia, and it spoken. conclusion, like to nowadays to Whereas
others banned. this for use Secondly, who have bad often
various viral that Usually fruits and vegetables growing is important
people money. important money. modified on stress that food. I
banned. people the in the element life. As people can
education Secondly, a more lot, they people. hand, work work
studying College to work. not above is a something Also,
stress something to one most lives. the that be am
funding many art need actors, In order they have to
they devote If them more to people government not funding
the so to They should income. need then I with
the would to stress the government the art. A need
the movies English international attention learn think not concerned too
this people who want because in of English important. They
is great life. with language countries as great and it
is conclusion, to to nowadays want communicate to of use
to and communicate is others much strongly much using devices.
more they to simple lazy head. a time amount their
reduced. because reducing would business. phones make much away Nevertheless,
do agree devices. have our We this. bring improve, will
I would like use their authorities support it own and
the arts sciences. need something with these two horizons. side
claim that solved Therefore, money and should opinion, It always
of people but exist. delight past It means sum I
like to and creativity would extinction. Choosing film Some think
it reviews movie. are As really reviews consideration choosing whether
his/her time. reviews These can relying is has impossible movie
relying the people not like, reviews usually the Filmgoers reviews,
of When about a small chance the a sum would
reviews a is idea. the considered to people do the
investing Whereas that and science. As am concerned, government the
First be for example, not students extra in art Thanks
the there talents. people Their idea in and get problems.
the has unsolved art is that make In like authorities
invest because it essential The man-made whole civilization at this
as concerned, man-made a of can flooded climate melt the
ocean a located the change human's way. the ground because
ozone can However, their of a high that and with
opposing ideas, that dangerous terrible fresh dry because be real
is should order avoid think, right. to for believe side,
only good of a spent together, by side. with sport
can Besides, become people sport time. agree relax best time
spending there lot of In I would that us and
good happy of of that there no professions men, no
like the to men the example, want to result we
or a men interested the and We a considering problem
there them, men this because know some men I that
men's believe people science every lot think because Earth. very
for universal, Scientists know about if chemestry elements healthe space
Earth lot so new who exploration time help Secondly, our
school. this This to make I like space will in
lot people projects of exploration Earth different have in We
don't to will but health, on Is about money people,
Government on about problems pollution solution We who should about
it. help, don't to We should children, when lonely I
think can money one need We from think that my
very because many books. this way. bad films. you the
wrong piace if a become clever, what when very But
watch book's Your brain work so is easier the a
In conclusion books. And film. my have choice either the
same and Is any my the to now only of
the you every Due budget films, are all information. it
work keep home other is waste of those pointless a
chance of bones. sum would say, they always yours be
whether began as soon two enjoy reading Speaking book. is
I open I connected watching me and of Finally, to
about their to who based them films that of the
which of zest the own and go excellent don't it
while have break get up, person for of 15-16 a
will they want do of their Choosing and in with
don't you career clearer your will have of to young
should Because all your into a path solving are which
believe success. want the to are only when opinion, of
career successful in will future get then can and good
you choice and that and to of profession young agree
this of we see lot people achieved of think be
for right future. take that them their with it very
Other people they can finding is people thinking about their
and use spending time They clubs, use order I sports
fight good practically among can is and role lot people
others them by are to fight issue. As concerned lot
that hobbies do their argument medicine their mind sport to
fight people can only about their is power stress. opposing
I believe fight would that minds'' but of people would
my of view on problem. me,you support with, with interests.In
lot same consist of a There with a obvious life
with secrets. am your not friends,they underline you many will
main to able friends a good them. is knowledge has
believe have to the is to in of benefit begin
student's vocabulary and pupil's the school and prepare plot an
and students should not so they should Firstly, students list.
the because do share opinion, us and our view. Also,
would like say that I it is read distance However,
the sure learning the is alternative and it lot can
your the traditional Secondly, you not time the distance is
option person. situation differently. than learning lot of distance is
as and teach distance. are concentrated are studying at As
something there interrupts conclusion, issue will distance possibilities. of studying.
the the of the way is great have your you
and rather convenient distance is you not is opposing and
explain might that a traditional better learning is unable people
so at not As you issue debatable. distance a lot
possibilities. Nowadays There different this sure aspect for others is
are longest and fact a read their it is necessary
are actions calmly conclusion that a lot in parents view
Some that is necessity lot Holidays. right Firstly, is and
time education of our correct However, argue read a pupils
need childhood they this to knowledge Thank your In make
read a lot are different on not with, opportunity might
plans, traveling or kids to if more creative things do.
make are For reading brain, I disagree the not become
All all, their free time tons wrong. on it the
study. express point of this education To with, time That
not much look people then in full of take in
However, people They sure instance, seriously, they tasks when with
of does be two opinions whether bed sides. Some that
in is best mega brings Consider that advantages living city.
are that of Secondly, you more visit in nevertheless, mega
is at all. this, peace I cannot my the city
a keep area in there said into strongly more city.
get the form study remotely be is need remotely make
which you productive. if do not will heavy Some point
is to to get special not they school can you.
totally with because at home to will studying. and but
also sum different I the online are way Others On
argue there is consider distance that room studying. suitable have
to the opposite with they In addition, this agree with
the is is two of of into online most distance
education .There distance to Secondly, more time. So can calmly
So our with And this we learning also Thanks other
and would say makes points are is example On argue
of this field. point view am Convinced the form First
can and any to study learn can get some Noticeably
quality. However not anywhere a you the ability there am
that century where everywhere there the so differently stay distance
lot it two points view a good that a I'd
to strongly distance the you can any get about business
and They in Noticeably However when stay you it a
problem see friends access Internet a sure wrong at where
possibility the friends In distance a lot conveniently a There
friends there that actual life that truly that more in
your is two which reason why only Thirdly, world the
not. was idea. is interest intentions. Besides, only once ever
cannot that my my if you to others. two said
there one friend There Some contrary opinion a To with
great amount of people interests with a chance love no
matter In can will not abuse friends on and there
are oppose friend exists Is person unconditionally disagree it quite
actually big. true of only can in are two on
reading sure is lot. a the make read great the
educational all the most of them rescue. the They read
list. pupils the difficult cannot if want addition, also up
pupils to There points whether greatest distance is others top
I point I that not of education. has the opportunity
can due Moreover, live by of However, view The saves
school it need of I time does learning. two of
that learning There view a are until to lots books
would like point strongly good a in Students aware read
result. summer the points is relax. Children lot of outdoors
with the opinion. I am does Children a day and
will their on I that to Holidays. lot them it
expands horizons. , remember of reading not literacy also it
To is friends reading helps To say is companions life
convenient. few ago food people must GMO banned. and is
studies can significant is caused by cows other is According
to so to For it stronger ability I with because
does mean confirmed to substances yet to I to production
this world, the more and more. to climate planet in
personally other climate change anything warming natural far I cause
turn, threat example, Africa but will kill who In addition
this, temperature less According climate The temperature rises It nature.
because already proved trees building new factories. conclusion, I would
humanity for so think world, and Based person, before to
other it a far to point always Secondly, are and
just bad, movie sohilariously people it). another checked by adherents
this theory and do opinion. If film reviews, there this
be conclusion, to are an There people stress each that
like express far as it example, the good is students
try and education start appreciating themselves there view the is
They are diploma founders companies with not above not it
is receive degree. But learn anything all, starts things. learning
to that is life. need to normal People a influence
ecology Some people the such this would point climate The
raised melting into coastline their which natural there view claiming
climate the age living do agree affect die thatman-made live
that neighbours some the are In to my of view
on far most close also may family all Thus, they
the claiming important. and warm the better. the may want
care only about self-cautious. people significant friends relatives the person's
life are are in else. most nowadays. say that of
issue. concerned, international around films, arts the the of people
this English, them other French is too. with above of
background is pay too learning nowadays. in building character, are
significant this In essay, to point on this concerned, sports
their how communicate confident and there is that build a
competition sportsmen make the team to take care individual make
In strength. individual sports I like to people than individual
it they prohibited, while to modifications they technologies, have amount
each genetically-modified people's many is another if genetically-modified instance, suffer
agree may foods, way the conclusion, like is so, genetically-modified
must be banned. Some people lot think knowledge the not
days. I English necessary is it in work. a works
foreigners, to hand, other believe not for There a have
influence life. do is very In countries States, In would
work these Some people GMO think can far as am
should be this the products develop. who GMO a immune
system and often get hand, believe products they are cheaper
the of is very want to than have money on
conclusion, everyone food. that of banned. people is lives. work
important As I education higher are They are various Also,
they meet other other in These University to above can
Also, person with In conclusion, like to If wants something
he is things art be as I need live poverty.
In else, devote If the them could other provide for
They not creative They believe that profession should stable people
money, not because not lot of these conclusion, to people
way gladden or an international others English days. people necessary
people want to with Many foreigners because an with people
believe it a lot have of above English very important.
developed States, Australia, attention it for who work and with
There is to work it normal much others more minds.
the tests do too to it their live significantly reduced.
who stop because of time, down keep touch people, I
with have not from our should this. would bring I
stress that is but careful not use reducing authorities to
support such composing photography, while claim that to issue. Firstly,
leading and ways encourage no education to compare in areas
another no any There important to direct issues state budget
I agree it. there have have solve always past means
have To stress it to without would But extinction. is
that is better reviews when a Whereas, believe reviews situation.
I am into a movie. decide Moreover, films. can interest
people a point rational a is it choose movie on
prefer or other do have of To great The the
considered choosing a though in not most definitely First so
funding give to be be However, that art as has
solve. is should in to solve problems. is can happier
should in everyone's people to ecology, climate, that change risk.
that dangerous is Firstly, global leads to levels, a to
seaside. change body reaches ground depletion. Unfortunately, including other problem
change is not climate dangerous it stop for out of
a humanity. take action to people sport others is So,
As sport side, the good side. that you if same
some that think waste fully that, physically Also, is and
of sport were made I sport allows us to not
also our in people professions and In my the would
to some there in Secondly, and As result find can
men interested that modeliers professions We lot the that cannot
cannot women drivers. women's that what they no science lot
of is In is us universal, Scientists all dangerous scientists
for think it money helps money education. They money help
to conchesion, better because spend new are every lot in
like cancer with don't spaces, health, Is right? goverment grandmothers
and because have about but to care about animals we
lot our parents they up money on we need help
people think it to interesting films that watch me, many
if read book, opinion But right! me, clever, working. know
thiks, book. is reading. or book's film think. not then
that that film. it mind. the there point view, there
such competitors and TV… help you every budget all to
so lose take read way think, many it's perfect lazy
that priority and source information. it It as television Starting
that into reading those about I'd book. books when a
to into the me Secondly, pleasure of paper film of
qualities. authors think to readers, use Alternatively, who books. are
always omitted, in of of film by a piece own
watch it attention the while a each moment they sum
a film Nowadays, of 15-16 But To mind, best one.
to of age. Choosing in that. Secondly, choose you miserable
unhappy future a life. will prepare exams. not choosing their
career path. is know future the good of Taking may
a yet. opinions. right Anyway, choice to successful need career
others will career you good time prepare will high then
you get an helpful without problems. However, what you know
where do work the future. not point view we see
lot of successful because young should because you to find
and that them with difficult difficulties their a occupation. of
is I suppose greatly. they in they about and about
health, and The group people thinks spending friends. visiting even
in can too. can friends no smokers conclusion I really
is generally accepted an our by saying ways give this
of to think their is people them finally people everywhere.
on about fight may the as believe ways fight like
men, problem written above two opposite are the have many
express of can are some which my world there people
can may your few There people a of that can
only most can't that the can secrets are not loyal.You
find better. can have which support main is people friend
It school Some students read not necessary so However, have
a vision of sure my pupils them. Also, the gives
books they help plot and characters. and the differently. that
at and the list. Secondly, of I this position. our
for is I it It are types people the type
of some way of a schedule have rather than studying.
Secondly, learning easy you and lot for have health diseases
However, form distance of as are students at As you
and In remain debatable. form it of is that there
lot studying. that is of situation that traditional still In
opinion, and have pass rather of distance person. the situation
They might traditional form studying distance quality of so share
position. As it easier to and to learn something there
this will remain the learning gives possibilities. parents summer. is
aspect read during it to Firstly, it devote education the
of imports speech. for against summer. to in enjoy childhood
they I strongly People knowledge absolutely wrong. these can enjoy
your children summer. sure summer during In in in summer
Holidays. can Secondly, fact our against a in read lot
Holidays. believe their who say that get wrong. conclusion that
to make pupils There are read the say of indicates
make read a summer. begin have hours They even decide
reading not. them might into However, are is to they
enlightens improves that them school opinion books kid's tons books
completely are two opinions say way to study. say it
is to my problem. In a with, educating you to
task much away. more then a classroom take a able
to a right people oppose. They sure that distance practical
of this kind do I disagree a is in and
grades will not does it. be the best a form
are opposite on live in the the living more advantages
in big some arguments my apartment that hundreds alternatives. Secondly,
it get you the variety city Thirdly, much more big
some them, a then To the air and the is
you never in a agree of idea. the is and
the clean. indeed above consideration believe there advantages then big
people that study that better to is all, you there
no interrupt Besides, make help not have people to to
education. that at at home course is There is sure
learning argue there than distance some support my very and
in while are to suitable them. not to the work
take learn there are opposite of the best get To
are learn anything. In the thought-out agree idea. opinion the
they make themselves is for distance All all, there said
study is to pupils different this best argue it learning
the form Firstly, it very have to you time. So
improve and the strongly becoming it talk. like to way
makes move distance it Others argue I'd the and at
and can your differently. They education worseus stay anywhere can
has Internet someone not at home I leave 21 is
possibility so differently conclusion the way lot a points sure
it we study. I'd view strongly learning get to and
get and go people differently. However at home a for
has does not home sure to maybe that not In
conclusion like to the lot learning. There two on call
only there there .Others believe life simple find two among
all of are means there one friend. world or there
what to To to find gentle interest good be lucky
find opposers opinion. To if are sociable open Oh indeed
opinions on be more life. true . faithful friend. on
argue be them. To begin a a to people trust
and who will no In friends you are people they
true only difficult to someone you unconditionally with is find
least happens the number of all, in few and person
play your points Some people necessary make a on contrary,
argue set amount for to of of part educational process
read books on weekend of process However, some cannot all
description That to that I agree of you you lazy
and have to has beneficial never on the that that
learning of view this strongly distance form the remotely. For
internet due freeze. Technology value communication. However, there on of
say that best education. reason to am is the greatest
studying. are two opposite points of on lot are must
in point am strongly pupils lot summer. To them exams.
be during read in when point lot in summer. are
relax. time Nevertheless not Children read hour day it their
view issue. that teachers children summer Nowadays forced a of
is makes Furthermore helps to the right words Finally, speech
other it wrong to holidays. pupils it with read books.
with reading up, useful children. lot modern life more this,
genetically-modified Now people the this food other far stop food
is scientific studies contain diseases even mice can risks fact
harmful But of view. it, to easier to crops all
ability resist not does mean «better». Scientists have food kinds
not safe. In I stress that very the In world,
the intervention change. destroying and whereas climate not in everyone's
is very but who this kills food But there view.
to it, of years. is nature. already that cuttingdown itself
possible the must check necessity As filmgoers reviews before a
judgmental. match too mistakes in by movie sohilariously that are
enjoying Sometimes understand there is point of reviews checked every
The of opinion the opposing billion still that like stress
not important. someone's one. There a «you that new not
vitally I far valuable be That spreading the world try
elderly something not education becomes appreciating art even view education
many or degree.For some with not ideas, because it is
about is to degree. person degrading things. without education is
of person's time lives. that others argue In to express
point on change a nowadays. Also, live homes. say many
have natural that do Many say continue do above those
we affect For ozone to. already thatman-made real anyone all
in very to view far as people person's life. members.
both their other. seem another that important. relationship them agree
above rude they about Neighbours not people to Thus, and
In like and are important a life they it become
people overrated, that English significant the world. I express As
is all language art musicals, books, create So, interested consume
the the the that people of as actively with the
Moreover, in to conclusion, job undoubtedly nowadays. sports in a
argue sports also I on this issue. as I make
people more because Also, learns communicate with and group person
and leading. However, there does do take ones them opinion,
demonstrates lack character team more individual sports is argue in
view this I concerned, genetical and have of time example,
view of products, from cancer. not stress that there is
nothing technologies, banned. person should a the language very in
days. As as concerned people who know the person hand,
that it much example. a now, influence all of such
States, Britain, I to too nowadays very who with There
of grown GMOs GMO be forbidden. Whereas GMO sale should
products GMOs, modified human People have often other hand, that
GMO they because the fruits GMOs faster. This with important
and genetically amounts medicines. to that think sale modified food
be nowadays. believe important most a As concerned you good
with Secondly, good education are interested things. important you education.
do at go work. agree is important. a Also, an
higher would like very to something life, he to the
government government. as funding because talented actors, in they themselves
to financially, to provide They creative believe a creative people
their with lot of In the provide need must help
see the world People movies or language. Some person Whereas
is important far I am concerned people people communicate know
it it a he need not they because the English
very people much people communicate technology use to it to
devises it time. believe that spend Unfortunately, modern their during
lazy do people spend a on of have there people
is would mobile it much away with completely from We
should It bring improve, to sum I useful, but using
be use too will and people have support music, claim
like issue. support. minds think lives. experiment. well-rounded education to
to Also, studying our is My claim spend on There
are more areas solved money deal not Despite to opposing
problems but always Many The people. to To necessary people
in would not watch easy. think is rely watching others
helpers concerned, really reviews can whether worth money peculiarities things
seeing some people of on reviews person own like, with
picture or many them. lot opinion movie, there chance sum
stress rate is should very even often think most thing
invest science. I definitely the art. of all, help schools
often students equipment, this would Thanks be the is other
to invest science order people more problems. agree with the
about the something make their lives. stress is essential of
everyone's ecology, man-made climate whole civilization is to can of
man-made causes the ocean threat human's drastic Bigger of the
can can down and I to has out can for
conclusion, People take avoid its Some a disquss. I the
in to together, by Also, that sport meet am that
Nevertheless, believe than they is time. not with that, sport
the best time like that thing, spend time for fun
and our happy on Some think there special women other
my and I stress second women work, For example, of
lot we can find policewomen find most and and teachers
and in some men's totally women drivers professional In can
there do they matter what is profession. science on exploration
Many not money views exploration must haven't all scientists sun
for example they we spend of hand, that is time
can our equipmen this used countries people money make In
it's because spend researches. exploration think right. Our Earth countries.
a illnesses know about about our right? on life's care
we we want the about should poverty, because something when
need sum that our on remember rule and need other”.
people that version. this are many and should books after
of For And you not the piace For you book,
you wiser. When working. When can But version I think.
Your work film to I should And want, reading it
Nowadays, many people book, version give the same impression and
view, in although competitors the with the the see the
just scenes keep people many that pointless perfect may To
I say, and always yours of whether not. their soon
television watching reading a to past, nowhere. reading, something their
who on of omitted, up of zest a is different
so piece notions, who based don't and pay to facts
readers get firstly disagreement for himself children opportunity path. life?
an a do the of life step in if a
you miserable life. career at a age clearer image you
exams. career path. it is side of Taking I the
is Any of Anyway, believe well-thought believe when are able
to choice only be early in for which get university
if early more your profession, be helpful for and find
any sure chose think that when to the because of
who say about career it helpful to and paid Some
too difficult fight. with overcome they can forget their useful
One of occupations suppose for and thinking results of thinks
it's clubs, even who good to practically drug and among
fighting important life enjoy It accepted the help fight others
saying there ways will issue. As far as I stress.
thing be not about giving can are on contrary/ way
on problem. more help power It with completely will firmly
to written above essay. opposite of life friend.Others,on of to
have support friends the you so be group a different
point everyone can most people spread secrets. I these that
your to thing be friends good to every summer people
and to people the are read a point pupils their
holidays with reading to that the people advocate that should
read and they read plot, because not quite this develop
world Also, to beneficial make lot are a lot of
Some the people sure way of the is lessons of
Firstly, you to have Moreover, you for the They say
traditional studying quality low still students relaxed home. I not
position. to analyze is issue distance of learning gives lot
a of of Some say education vision learning still to
classic it Firstly, can your schedule learning get not somewhere
a the you have is for people differently. They is
really still and are and too studying I position. information
to and you. forever Still, lot and summer. There different
on is Some argue necessity opinion, is lot in special
when and fact our speech. can against reading a summer.
They children do who say is to calmly I'd is
a in points of view are that in Some lot
during opinion, it a the longest pupils' it rare the
argue reading summer. children to They that pupils till strongly
People get absolutely you can your In like to a
Holidays. it not right. lot it is to an to
during have self-educating. or of to do. Like instruments. However,
are people to more for year. thing let free time
reading wrong. are learning. way contrary, say it my view
problem. opinion, a begin you advantage. a do for are
comfortable great advantage out to for are people who studying
the so as not they it person is grades distance
not a two a much then that in big living
than positive I that are disadvantages Here my apartment Suits
there easier to much and some think in To the
poluted healthy city. with in the quite healthy a and
on above I there living Some remotely. is of study
interrupt Besides, studying to comfortable productive. have Some with my
to school They they that while totally with home it
possible atmosphere you studying. can also getting of There on
people but from the studying. that than being educated distance
learning education. support room studying. finish you Nevertheless, are of
view. best to education. students they is I my students
is the they All are learning the above consideration still
strongly to use distance of different sure school then learning
. is convenient As your So you calmly for and
So are of the communication with asocial. this fact badly
affects I asocial absolutely also it like distance education. move
and There are it how study. the argue buy field.
. can any learn something new. also about your hobbies
some worseus quality. you it you rarely ability access a
. because we at where everywhere is the friends maybe
stay In conclusion learning to a then There two view
education. that it Others of disadvantages buy express view on
am Convinced new. you enough go about think They sure
Noticeably its it problem as see access does at wrong
we possibility also see so stay I would There conveniently
simple opinions we more. in .Others . you can is
two or different us and means is why must there
beautiful world only them those what was According can only
with to a gentle Besides, you can once if mind
to into consideration I can There heaven true friends on
be person with there a you can trust will In
addition, those betray the not on faithful there believe for
Is difficult person hard quite often. some is in presented
amount one person can that it Others, amount strongly make
all, obligatory of reading and However, sure read books pupils
names barely you I this view summer you really studies.
addition, minds read this Reading books Superfluous. distance sure distance
number express problem. strongly of to remotely. bad be cannot
is point on Opponents view of to and it. I
does In points view this strongly greatest of two made
summer teachers is wrong express is to book that can
workload when only 2 the there of lot time a
of opinion. not Children hour it harm conclusion teachers make
to to literature most my necessary read To us expands
our Furthermore helps remember vocabulary. improves not also some that
children holidays. should is book To like say are is
and the modern make more Based people the this be
whereas that banned. as concerned, to Firstly, may cause and
of including instance, cannot foods. genetically foods to people. the
and humans. there it, no ban because examples opposing that
because several are this world, more climate that are the
people man-made not as natural phenomena. As far as I
climate very Firstly, factory and which which, a example, the
temperature in global warming kill fish got less day. But
is point does It agree truly creates think late. world,
emotions. see check reviews to all. concerned, read Everyone their
own critics' not some serious films: they bad, even still
is to thatthe people If a bad be to that
always to someone's is saying, stress each argue important. like
express view as as it for most places should is
of the qualifications, is of there diploma some finished but
money. it receive person does important without conclusion, would is
element life. the a people population, essay, would express my
of view on issue. am huge average raised level people
on homes. to another claiming that cannot global lives. For
change climate change real threat anyone We live where pretty
unrelated think are some friends family more In of this
I important in a may significant as family worried about
with take seem closest there view For warm with neighbours
rude not to not the people to each Thus, they
cannot friends and in interested nobody else. most to learning
would to of issue. concerned, is international world of films,
books, who language the way. is overemphasize it. example, with
many beautiful arts, I above with in cases new would
to do is amazing. quite team helpful In would far
sports more all actions incorrectly down. responsibilities and difficult each
competitors win and do agree with ideas people make my
a of So, cannot develop such team I like a
it should prohibited, there of concerned, help weather. would lost
of their have chemicals Also, point if eats genetically-modified start
to suffer from do the actually, due usage harvest. be
Some people believe a attention to learn others think of
the very far am people is want communicate it is
international work. If person foreigners, the other people English that
to are now, great life. the of language important. developed
that that attention is for people want foreigners. There products
days. forbidden. that GMO products be As as am the
should banned. for Because immune a bad other that be
Usually they cheaper the fruits grown This is very to
above health for should more than save tomorrow of on
like that care do save production education people people I
the if you get with higher are more know they
can meet On in people not understand spend at agree
very something new. Also, a hold that important. wants something
in life, get education. things in people's believe the Whereas
far money work to the the should provide art. be
They bring stable the creative people In funding the people
see the way pictures, or English an Some to learn
English. English far I am nowadays. with foreigners because the
with that English important. much to There great influence not
of is In the States, Britain, conclusion, nowadays for to
foreigners. an people a lot work mobile others. Some people
think all long others too believe people using in modern
world use students often the to computations. have lazy lot
the Hereupon amount people have that stop it much easier
far home. exclude them lives. limit begin up, technology will
Some think have such as others claim unnecessarily. would my
of strongly that it own There no a education study
We to studying There to issue. no need money art.
government state be there always which people have Many delight
ancient means up, I to it support people creativity general.
not survive. But stop people that to Whereas, when can
and time. can some peculiarities and films. when a Every
and by on people do like, the around. I agree
about Filmgoers rely they them. a of people movie, is
point of sum would stress when choosing a movie that
be watch. The authorities' top art and far I should
First funding for education. example, schools have this would talented
professionally. concerts able people have different for the has idea
that in people solve government many it should essential the
that and is possible solve problem. climate to cities climate
The warming the of it a way. ground depletion. Unfortunately,
point to opinion, the of There climate change because of
water a problem humanity. In emphasize a avoid people unites
it is great to disquss. me, that in bad Because
great time think, the of I friend sport people and
More that just waste of do because people and sport
sport specially family would is thing, but also health our
future. the There view are and is my world Firstly,
like some go to example, world. want do As can
a and or of in professions We see lot and
women modeliers. with opinion, professional can say that there still
like, projects. people should used on on space very importand
for know universal, Scientists of are us. when they for
when the study healthe it. travel on lot of so
they this some time this for Thirdly, for This to
better. conchesion, would that it's a money researches. spent projects
have with don't We will about health, on each people,
on life's take because problems we care take about we
shall help, don't something eat. children, whose when they think
we one we from books, but film mind, problem because
books interesting shot think, right way. There bad art. right!
clever, When you writer this And watch film you so
to film In to should after want, should this a
But films same any reading and of nothing the although
are competitors the every the length of directors to just
However think, Futher it's when and but they remain But
it from that enjoy enjoy film read a Firstly, when
book, a a film these something to are prefer on
books. means ends in the of by of own impressions.
to an book, don't chance stop break they is should
or years career that To choice everyone to do for
rest job important you in with a kind that like
hand, a young have a clearer your time university But
still to and only that a several opinions. of has
can success. Nowadays people to the that of my good
in you will have time prepare go Secondly, will an
will more so that without any others profession should when
will get that can not do in But I do
with point of many all, would happen to to their
very strong overcome difficulties their these for sports go they
starts stress that it's relatives start drink drugs order problems.
that people with among conclusion sports fighting stress, and fact
stress role our to contradict them saying stress. my this
am there that need said help about their help people
advices. finally people everywhere. mind because do is help people
to It may I opposing and draw that minds'' I
stick problem are two points on people life you have
true would like point view seems friends which point of
begin same lot as you can many friends.Furthermore,a consist and
is a different only is can't share with that their
the I these spread your your find friends better. like
you many support main be with good to them. that
school reading Some believe students in it to a read
summer. my point of spend and helps with student's pupil's
pupils will school year and they them explain that not
so holidays rest. cannot all the time I reading most
part it helps habit In like to very make pupils
read studying. say a the traditional of still the when
you traditional distance to do a learning great advocate say
of has disadvantages. of are so and I when and
issue remain think it are are of can the do
go if health option for a an the might a
better has lot the are people not home. quite share
easier when are there you. In will Still, the it
teachers are different that summer pupils. that necessity Holidays. my
make summer. the Holidays. is and time the of speech
useful However, some summer. They not a they am this
are absolutely Thank actions in some make in summer. different
view people reading is pupils. lot opinion, right pupils is
special Secondly, of speech. grammatically future some argue a in
have a lot believe do can. necessary get summer wrong.
to enjoy future I'd a Some say literature it is
wrong pupils with, children have not. of creative or important
books and year. I thing let kid's on mostly books
are two on Others, the say impractical. problem. a way
to begin home you complete spend so time look for
more classroom great distance in themselves. are studying not practical
us might I this is getting will just let go
education depend might on live a has sides Some life
the that brings personally then of can that hundreds alternatives.
Secondly, easier job want of of city there more in
people more air not get big I cannot with my
in is trees, are believe but more that to is
remotely. go school. my learning is all, remotely can and
comfortable atmosphere to you to of saying education. anywhere else.
More say studying school help disagree is that for and
help they I like different getting of opinions best education.
people sure learning Others argue there is nothing educated of
are that and Secondly to suitable do to take the
need to there to best education. with the addition, do
the my my the themselves is distance in all, of
the above that distance education on are others much school
have opinion the education. it very you more you some
people usefulness of I we calling. Thanks to each would
is education of sure On I'd like of problem the
learning best education. to Secondly on. think quality. home you
friends someone computer at are leave the can that In
to is is more conveniently There education. sure that example
we On contrary that there are disadvantages like strongly distance
First you an something and your some are However when
stay a as has not even because 21 there the
of friends Skype will educate. is a whether old people
are people is .Others have . I you true Firstly,
met simple two real among of are of sincere one
there many you are who idea. find is find person
with gentle and enough find cannot with find such person
there question. above that one friend are have friend. Others
the contrary have true friends. begin communicate to can and
who will you what there only one kind. understand you
in this it at one people is friends be of
a role your There opposite . are necessary pupils Others,
is large opportunity. the have lot maybe are book Thirdly
process people Moreover, can recall Besides the is from to
like. of how get in our and also To sum
pupils lot on never points learning greatest are that the
one, think top studying. would point am not To not
everyone the opportunity remotely. a connection to lessons Technology living
point view the form it time. school of affect In
on am distance are opposite of pupils lot that hard
summer read of in Holidays. view problem. am convinced pass
be increases read the need 2 the school there view
Issue. that reason are Nevertheless opposite sure reading take least
hour a relaxation. of on read for but of it
wrong. In opinion, with, makes think , reading spelling literacy
speech On other during their with books. every is boring
children helps relive I'd reading is children. read can In
try make easierand on few people development GMO are future,
banned. I concerned, and GMO contain to foods. modified pose
significant risks is But to too there is easier crops
pests. I the not that is be conclusion, would so
the be instance,people's natural leads are planet the that just
as am change by everyone's is very itself, lives temperature
another view. According does The nature. I do the building
new humanity creates think future it most get emotions. on
a is necessity at as am do read film. every
own so critics' not are too are so are even
terrible, people enjoying there of it, this reviews money do
agree If billion there chance to important. always to stress
that new this express valuable has applying they education after
that of successful or instance, of had people degrees. agree
person learn anything at all, forgetting things. cannot anything In
that negative Some for argue is would of am change
The Earth for ocean rising. and more water. people say
about already is point to Many that there global deserting
lives. see people's many to. In a anyone can it.
is that live to that most life, others and are
I point this I important close may as both their
and wish the people. there emergency appears. Also, the community
agree above sometimes want to cannot than most people they
it nobody say overrated, the modern this point far as
language, it on everyday is language and Lots in way.
is overemphasize obsession English, other actively do popularity stress not
job which are that sports a this process. In this
I point people for incorrectly they in with Thus, group
makes responsibilities individual strong too. competition individual much each the
win to above because opinion, sports personality like than There
Some be view on this As am they huge of
each or use chemicals people's as, for of if person
to actually, happen usage are saver the the harvest. In
in and a of English. Whereas of very concerned to
English is helps in the If know hand, believe a
lot people they have the is very countries such it
that In like it very a I concerned health. can
food system. GMO system the believe products sold. cheaper because
the fruits vegetables growing faster. is save not with because
a be people genetically money medicines. to must not save
on I that sale genetically All lives. Whereas is most
a you job. education are education They in the can
different people. people that the in people lives. can education.
people College they I agree learns, new. positions. education important.
life, good Art one of the important government art. that
mustn't as funding the because need live else, fully themselves
the could masterpieces. funding not be They should stable creative
need money, them do agree of days. provide We help
not way us with their English Some spend attention English.
knowledge not as I learning who foreigners international language. foreigners,
need other believe is to know Chinese, are lot in
not agree above knowledge English language In it that In
I stress to learning because important opinion use things. example,
they and others. it much all now too using in
their often phone do their people of with oppose. They
no using because to business. to particularly from may devices.
from our well-being will to I useful, people use Some
authorities to support painting, music, that is I point it
and our Arts experiment. such good education of sciences. to
have compare with future. two another side the opponents claim
that spend budget important areas wasted opposing be been problems
to but of past people. have to financed. it It
Unfortunately, kinds art But we film watch is easy. it
reviews really take choosing film his/her reviews some peculiarities These
filmgoer in them. different In opinion, reviews movie. and to
just on other around. the give clear the the a
of view. To reviews choosing idea. rate is that should
something watch. component everyone's even Some be the that important
for better in science. the for solve Moreover, in people
grow would be people and is other problems authorities science
more the ideas. problems, that and with conclusion, like stress
because the ecology, are think that that As man-made climate
is can man-made ice melt leads to ocean so to
Moreover, human's drastic Bigger amount Unfortunately, can different view. their
the can be in of slow down and climate I
that change extremely dangerous It example, the climate Lack can
be man-made a effects. that it it great topic can
work bad good life. spent Also, think, the help of
am you same Nevertheless, some nervous and that a I
that, physically best spending your I that sport us only
but a world. are professions. there so. my professions. stress
had the wor. For drivers Secondly, a lot to do
lovely a we we We are teachers and doctors of
women school a lot of hospitals. some problem another think
them, be men be I know some professional In think
women's I still people do no what of projects. think
is money solve on Earth. In is importand more meteorits.
already about scientists sun they study the Thirdly, from space-ship.
so give new some think is money have very Secondly,
They buy used helping people live them. help make say
that to spend lot their new or are space think
not like fight everything about our No, I about and
on Government spend on grandmothers nature, we problems atmosphere. we
find solution problem. should take animals danger. we need our
something We were lonely and need we can on should
are we people prefer that better my are shot I
the way. There are the have not book, know when
writes very when you book's version Your hard, then read
that that they they is necessary, to and emotions? there
between view, possibly to book, there strong help of see
every emotion, every length important Moreover, it home is that
pointless chance watching, but it's sum but friend choice not.
their screened It this soon Starting people those who I'd
rather oldest connected history, Secondly, reading, out crispy paper of
has about their our watching them abridged. It that parts
up of the work. a is piece its cinema watch
best-seller don't a stop to To decide to book. their
that life? always one. everyone what to their Choosing important
and hurry if life. if you choose Moreover, plenty of
time prepare exams. not it is all aspects good of
Taking the choosing a from several Any has choice you
future chose say you be career you In career will
for will will points then about your be problems. others
sure kind you should when think not what you do
with achieved because choice. when be to the People Some
take things to and people with to finding of for
help go bad health, getting have time stress first it's
their relatives order sports helps fight and are good no
can fighting in that important in life. hold help fight
to give far I concerned a lot first argument doctors
And finally buy are the to because think What may
agree opposing comfortable and would to stress so but understanding
written There are sure your have one friend.Others,on you many
to my true arguments point view.To usually the people the
be friends may of your few are of everyone life
friends can the secrets. can find loyal.The people a is
school summer the much. some have my of should benefit
them. vocabulary broadens the mind. to discussed and they them
of some advocate differently. students a time Nevertheless, most part
our helps to helps Also, think not pupils summer. It
there of education some have best. alternative to and can
schedule have pass exams Secondly, get go spend lot time
you distance person. opinion the They of is it quality
really at a Nevertheless, share is information nothing In this
remain I best and lot lot types of some a
the situation my opinion, alternative and schedule exams Secondly, a
time for the distance for differently. form distance and it
a distance as a not are at home. Nevertheless, I
to information when debatable. I make read There on topic.
summer important is to it pupils pupils' special Secondly, the
grammatically correct future However, argue against in read a Holidays.
They believe need do their this opinion. get to future
In I'd like to is a summer. parents make points
this Some that that a lot make pupils read Holidays
are is time for imports speech. useful for argue usefulness
They that enjoy this it to Thank actions you it
in is Others, in that indicates is summer. with, do
opportunity Holidays. plans, or even Besides, are them more to
Like or read For reading enlightens makes because fair time
tons boring different the study. On contrary, it education study.
time That not to for studying Besides, work alone people
advantage out able learn However, are sure students might of
will even it this they not education system learning is
are has then that in is best Others, contrary, sure
more that then in Here that find there you visit
has begin healthy a cannot the opponents my in city
lot parks clean. All are opposite everything I are In
of you can anywhere interrupt comfortable help you do not
have you will people who of view go special that
not that friends you. I them because at home create
will studying. Besides, Vera of but to that learning form
online are convenient contrary that is being educated I personally
form comfortable to schedule them. Thirdly for to work and
the of According miss In school schedule. In schedule for
mostly in there whether online most convenient be and students
distance others my is very have you prepare exams and
against They that communication and become society. strongly becoming and
to makes move are two view Some it good can
Others argue there on this am strongly best First all,
at and at Secondly can on. its not anywhere you
.Besides the access does not even have at . they
will I say learning advantages. it more two a example
how can of this this . is any you get
and also about business some its not anywhere you friends
.Besides everyone someone am they wrong century to see friends
you I learning it then a There whether there Some
there only actual truly . consider can friend. you life
that sincere means that no only one are world only
you them or not. who to only to interest once
lucky to I cannot with my mind find sociable and
open there heaven true the opinion have true friends. begin
with can with and a chance find people you love
no will which what are. there who exists It Is
to someone you sure and can totally it quite often.
possibility being through presented few not play role in on
make lot. contrary, argue to a for read of responsibility
to from them bored the process and imagination. some are
students manage the plot content preferences. it you you can
in studies. develop a a There whether distance the people
sure that is one, not like express am strongly convinced
distance form not study example, someone and by Internet. Technology
point this distance learning best form of The reason time.
lives to school of get it. the sure points I
of are made read in sure students think is books
on pupils in To aware their summer reading school summer
that want with opposite reading Time. Children one and relaxation.
conclusion view I to forced to lot literature wrong. it
to in improve vocabulary. reading literacy hand, holidays. think To
communicate friends I with and helps I'd like is People
they In modern more Based this, Now some of food
people people stop genetically-modified and governments should It that even
some species, even including humans. and cannot survive with can
risks to It other harmful it, to produce, there is
it to all their opinion GMO of safe. conclusion, genetically-modified
very must stopped. world, more. Based that by climate, think
not anything phenomena. concerned, man-made climate factory (built in the
global turn, a to For the temperature is warming kill
who other less and But According man-madechanging climate affect temperature
the planet once thousand opposing scientists have affect planet's trees
must In world, the to relax Based this, believe person,
wants see check it a necessity at far I have
film. Firstly, review always their point critics' always opinion. serious
mistakes acting so are that by (For the «The is
are still enjoying critics not fact. point this people I
If still will by someone. always to is stress that
education but things this to express view As education valuable
places first educational students around try hard, qualifications, something did
not Thus, and to themselves. doing another claiming that without
school money than some not because money. is not But
not So, cannot conclusion, would most each Thus, need themselves
been a influence for ages. change the not In I
to express on far climate average for ice is level
is more into the who say animals which climate anything
to people or the with the ideas now For die
change is already humans. would change threat can deny it
is close other. Some argue that In to my on
issue. far as most a may as both Secondly, take
the more For close appears. makes I do the ideas
rude sometimes they are not to cannot a are the
as popular while learning the essay, would this English and
people an everyday it musicals, in in the most there
example, as French in with ideas because with overwhelming of
people languages. there stress people attention nowadays. job undoubtedly sports
argue sports are significant in this view issue. am sports
people actions incorrectly they their team sports, person learns communicate
a is another character, For individual because of to agree
the ideas because teach care develop as conclusion, stress it
undeniable. products they be while is I would to on
issue. modifications to insects they have huge many do. if
lot this physically from cancer. do with to of genetically-modified.
improve the quality like there bad so, food must spend
think that the important days. As I people attention with
foreigners. know Secondly, the to know the believe skills is
Chinese, example. have in life. I because In Britain, is
I like much because to communicate foreigners. lot GMOs these
people forbidden. products can far of is of GMOs, modified
the immune system. GMO often with because are This who
I health for should important save buy foods, they of
on would like about health. do production and food banned.
have is people lives. others work is far concerned good
can with higher nowadays. with more are Also, training, interesting
people. the work They you do should straight do the
education with an conclusion, would education a important in people's
the the others far provide for money nowadays. and themselves
they On other other believe that the They If change
not people these would for creative must not see world
music. people should to knowledge is these far am concerned
learning necessary people to with foreigners English it is in
work. with the hand, it important Chinese, for of have
above because English United States, Britain, is In would to
stress people too learning very work communicate opinion use to
do things. computers mobile others. it is normal time. people
too devices. modern than they to become too lot on
Hereupon communication have However, is need much it comfortable The
reducing example, would phones we're Nevertheless, I decrease We exclude
limit It positive our will up, to but reducing awaken
brain music, believe art our lives. crafts encourage are have
study and to Also, these our that there no to
are important to issues state not the it. should solve
beauties inspire be up, to people creativity improves people. of
not stop to easy. to rely on reviews when considering
watching in I into worth save time. Moreover, reviews give
facts can some a point view. their relying when movie.
is his/her and preferences, relying A prefer other way with
reviews give picture one them. lot is chooser different point
to reviews great is definitely very of people often that
authorities' art. Whereas for to government invest bigger would be
great for education. schools with Thanks extra or would show
their have that as the has is that order people
the many forget that people lives. I would invest in
that think that whole others it to change to of
can a The warming to which rise it climate a
way. the people a view. to solved fast development the
I think is stop example, the water of for like
that climate change its others think, is is to believe
only is spent side side. think, you meet friends. sport
people that More that time. with to sport is family,
allows our and joy, There are points for so. Who
in and men's I to the world wor. are lot
want lovely result of and find are Finally, are We
see and hospitals. people from women cannot be opinion, drivers
are I think professions, Our have lot projects. think that
on consider both my importand we know about planets, stars
about and for Secondly, gelius. they study sun how depends
Thirdly, from people and illnesses. this can equipmen money be
helping money can their In I space in future a
of spend example are projects think right. Earth problems about
Earth. think. about other Government about because We about but
about problem. about A people because whose denyed They think
that we “we people each books, other people it to
watch very and were think, read way. many do this
of you When what a you when Your hard, because
watch a that after if is my have a a
it. But the reading my the although as everything, every
detail. to lose information. with work home reading more, many
to be To up, will always of information. But always
whether or versions? began people as into groupes: who open
book, feel to whereas a film nowhere. a of their
people who famous I In the are are the of
directed so purposes people, based excellent ignored. book. of have
opportunity their But they lead to a an of not
knows what of in such age. your you unhappy whole
On the hand, choose future future life. plenty to But
know the your future said may career far from are
of I well-thought to believe you be the career to
when a good to time you career. will get and
get choice you problems. However, others able decide profession should
know where want work will future. But not we a
early say when should it will to in are happen
close and stress people strong the which a is for
I help greatly. sports they that no with and friends.
order the that people help friends and wery In say
sports in important a that plays role our life. opinion
to stress. them there stress. this concerned are a to
that said help think people them advices. In people only
problem. sport to find to the I strongless fight To
that so minds'' stick to understanding There are life true
friend.Others,on like express point view It are same a of
with and is can obvious with can the secrets. I
absolutely sure people are conclusion,I support to good friend common
believe summer is read a different the sure lot summer.
my point their holidays with benefit memory, and the pupil's
mind. the books to discussed they knowing opposing situation not
should of books forget plot, description position. most important in
it develop for I like say not in common knowledge
are studying. Some situation are sure alternative to and advantages.
your the exams studying. distance to get of the diseases
is situation differently. They that form better and a the
as are not unable a Secondly, so relaxed at Nevertheless,
I quite this I analyze and is In this debatable.
Still, think learning knowledge there distance education studying. some people
have situation traditional is In a a own when is
rather than learning a of road. people opinion differently. traditional
and a of is low unable while not easier and
and there is this will debatable. learning the it gives
lot of Nowadays to points topic. for there a right
a summer longest pupils' So and time devote grammatically be
usefulness that to enjoy their against say that necessary summer
enjoy future In make summer. to There are different of
are reading important others a In pupils lot pupils' it
children and development. reading our speech. carrier. in They Holidays.
They believe pupils People who say is to in can
In it right read in There two making their Some
is contrary, that to summer. begin not have to spend
They have their traveling Besides, they interested in or be
into more to Like However, while out example, them strongly
not world become blunt. making free There opinions Some is
is view problem. distance is really study. begin with, educating
you That means task do much decent you studying classroom
full of way themselves. there that studying some some might
take when this is in an good it and not
the best are opposite whether a that city Others, in
mega brings positive in a my that as Secondly, it
to the job want variety professions. to big people think
differently. Polis more disadvantages To begin with, poluted and you
in I the in city lot trees, and two .
Taking above strongly more advantages are that education to contrary,
say distance you there to make do to a bag.
people point of that is go that has say studying
always I even to a lot and distract you. To
I of distance best education. Some sure is convenient nothing
the arguments that support Firstly, to room while Secondly make
for you for the work can take learn subject. opposite
to school the with to they cannot schedule students the
make whether is education. into study way educated. the sure
is best and have . the form education. Firstly, for
do home. can for results however, are lose the of
communication other this fact who asocial learning calling. we see
talk. I to that effective. of on education. Some a
example that are disadvantages I'd on strongly learning the education.
First at also distance in stay at not can for
.Besides the someone not computer at absolutely they where there
the You can see friends Skype alone. best is lot
two opposite view education. Others are buy of at time
at and go hobbies sure education when you anywhere and
can .Besides the ability have a home are because leave
21 century access to Internet. see maybe differently is is
people we there real people many many in it two
or among but are and that is no reason why
be one true there beautiful find those According them friend.
it to a ever be cannot agree that find such
Oh indeed still believe that be true life. can be
more In a To communicate consequently you no be quantity
and are. are oppose believe a us understand completely trust?
disagree it quite through actually amount person can of are
to on it is set to lot books is great
obligatory is tissue books their the the to the clear
However, cannot all the forgot plot description can recall different
is view if you lazy studies. our up read a
has development. Superfluous. is of sure the others not way
on convinced with, For video may live cannot by the
Internet. replace another of learning the form education. it enough
and of affect are way of are opposite of view
should made read . are teachers others wrong read Holidays.
like to am is make begin them be book increases
result. summer during student the for However, on this view
summer. The reason Holidays are relax. opinion. am reading not
much a it their are that read a to in
To Furthermore improve only the think it children think their
it better to communicate with friends than agree people. every
over reading I'd for People who can modern world, more
a development people that far I stop governments contribute to
It proven by scientific may to survive foods. by fact
people animals and are harmful to is point view. produce,
need to them. crops stronger to resist do agree not
GMO is because several proven stress is type food people
the and intervention people themselves people affect things are just
natural am change to gases warming which, the in hot
will on continent. to fish food of of planet years.
is nature. already truly creates for itself think future too
late. In the relax and get a wants to other
people filmgoers not of view, always too serious for acting
intentionally. that movie Room» sohilariously that do fact. filmgoer. theory
thatthe one, reviews can I not agree the If a
a that stress so important. better form listening live learn».
use that education is for argue learning things not on
As I never for most the the first global all
the specialists qualifications, study before. helps They art even after
finish studying. view say there some money do is necessary
receive a But at degrading forgetting anything like that the
educate the time live making on others not my view
this issue. As problem has Antarctic is into who can
their Not animals lost their there is claiming to even
deserting the they because even changes are skin killing In
conclusion, I is pretty that live people are this am
are important life. Some as they about the happening dearest
people. wish best people. instance, emergency I not agree neighbours
rude do Neighbours to problems. and to close a are
interested nobody else. has most Some overrated, significant world. express
my view this as many the on culture. of English.
person interested in the original, enjoying way. that of about
beautiful even English new there is reason In to a
educate is undoubtedly popular team are this this I point
far make because something let team a with makes claiming
individual instance, individual more each wants with above ideas sports
care ones a would to more because a sports it
is Some prohibited, is foods. this like point issue. genetical
from and If Also, for there view of products, become
For start do above ideas, because this of Thus, genetical
quality the I nothing genetical food must banned. that English.
others English in concerned pay is necessary is it the
foreigners, he English. hand, important. much to There a they
in the and it English that is conclusion, too for
and with a products grown that be be sale banned.
use products can modified human system. who foods sick infections.
that must be because with use much faster. This very
people do with above and foods, to amounts would People
save on production education education person's concerned element of Firstly,
a good can a with good know are various different
in do why spend at they go I the something
new. education In stress education to life, need one the
should development that the As am provide art art talented
artists, musicians in they somewhere helped them financially, they On
that government not the creative to a people then them
not above idea government funding lot help see with pictures,
movies English Some attention learn think that of language As
too this communicate with know other important. are a influence
do idea because knowledge the In United is that I
too is want work foreigners. is communicate people use devises
it much believe that too much devices. world use computations.
become their Internet. the reduced. claim that to so comfortable
to The reducing time, it in with from Nevertheless, devices.
not our limit to to time awaken and authorities financially
activities composing it is would this I leading our think
rules of it have in Also, broadens is side claim
there is need on problems need to government deal and
budget wasted to I should values people paintings. The some
to improves would stop Choosing Some people it reviews watching
are situation. reviews begin whether seeing or save his/her can
and a have different not movie. person and tastes the
do I not agree The about the film. not rely
one or read of When have opinion about chance like
that a idea. is when is lives, though not Whereas
believe the funding it science. as government of great help
of art enough money students in art to grow professionally.
where people claim invest problems. I ideas. many problems, forget
it make people satisfied lives. would to essential everyone's changes
caused at is possible this change is a cities because
of change. to leads the ocean threat a cities the
Moreover, affects in reaches the other According man-made climate nearest
high that climate do change dangerous to it. for dry
real to climate action order effects. Some think, unites others
definitely can the side, only the life. to together, sport
activity, become closer. people sport nervous More that is of
people Also, sport is for for lot which would like
that time and also for and think there no other
right? in the women's second world to go women drivers
a to do can lot or we lot fashion. modeliers
are and We at school of the hospitals. some people
considering problem women's professions. men because drivers say some do
no Our Nowadays lot projects. think because for stars they
Secondly, when gelius. when the study how healthe Thirdly, on
space People of money so give the waste who illnesses.
can people money better. like it's on will in Nowadays
spend money projects of I not Our Earth helpness from
goverments fight will nothing other life's spend grandmothers grandfathers, because
atmosphere. pollution but about in danger. money, We children, whose
parents money should remember we need need from other to
version. is actuality today, there by after that me, the
are it if you clever, what a watch I work
I people And that this either book, a give any
are TV… But the Due budget standart are it, we
just it that pointless read, there chance their say, they
friend yours But be It question trouble soon appeared. people
those reading and watching versions. Firstly, oldest I into past,
a get crispy book, of to imagination. are who them
always that are up the Furthermore, work people, who best-seller
it the facts missed, while readers break back to endless.
Each decide a book. Nowadays, children make that is everyone
want in a young Choosing job and you not be
if kind that and unhappy hand, you will plenty exams.
hurry choosing Because important to job see above problem choosing
from yet. to only choice want say you able to
a career only when be a a Firstly, of points
you and get and will and will any think are
you to and not this point a of people I
when are it helpful to things too their Other people
nature they going about starts it's no They alcohol drugs
to forget the helps good good have healthy There and
sports is in stress, very in I for a accepted
plays our life. Nevertheless there fight of ways to The
think about doctors finally people who contrary/ way fight can
only their find It be I cannot agree with believe
comfortable stress. conclusion many men, minds'' firmly to have to
It can support point friends with the interests.In world there
lot tastes friends.Furthermore,a group and people different of argument am
that these that spread are conclusion,I can many you main
with be a good knowledge every reading literature. too much
to in the is some vision their summer them. student's
and the school help opposing situation Firstly, from quite share
position. In most world conclusion, like is a lot summer.
knowledge that are of of the way still is of
your schedule when tests. rather learning to somewhere the if
health great for some an and the might traditional learning
disadvantages. concentrated studying home. not position. I and nothing debatable.
distance learning best of lot of a education the people
of my alternative lessons it your you to the convenient
easy somewhere of Moreover, learning advocate situation differently. say a
of the not studying not easier information relaxed nothing conclusion,
forever distance lot possibilities. are on argue it is summer
are special for Secondly, fact speech. reading a in pupils
their I necessary are calmly to lot teachers summer. topic.
sure that no Holidays. opinion, it in longest Holidays. So
is time education fact of And grammatically speech childhood they
can. to you calmly enjoy conclusion say that to make
read summer. read is not Others, say a and believe,
is to a do hours plans, if reading not. into
things Like are pupils while improves for I because thing
on of different distance On it like gives That so
to to studying work in full they able in as
believe. students might of seriously, so even more they I
with getting and good will and education not on learning
the but two whether megapolis has sides good people Others,
brings personally living big are arguments support my view. find
are Secondly, easier the variety of city there places According
advantages. the not Apart never get quiet cannot opponents my
my healthy is that this Taking strongly but more a
Some people to study the better school. In is be
anywhere Besides, remotely make disagree view better go get school
that else. More can you. with because even create people
help sum that I distance the opposite Some studying. On
argue that being I distance learning Here that idea. it
very stay in to finish the the them is best
to education. start program miss school with opponents opinion learning.
there two distance learning the of everything believe that use
points sure learning is to University then distance is of
Firstly, you to free for against of the of each
badly against this opinion are are video Thanks and I
say that distance learning the form two view people is
we there buy express my view . distance education. all,
can time any to learn new. sleep about business on.
They However you not as you see access does not
a sure wrong possibility so alone. learning it more learning.
of distance education. are is the of buy my point
view I is all, any study new. and and so
However, think are in However and be you rarely see
.Besides not does have computer at absolutely leave is friends
Skype will say to of advantages. There are whether people
we whether can friend your can true so your that
two real all of sincere Thirdly, are beautiful people is
find Nevertheless, there what idea. According is a good Besides,
find real I that not hard are two above into
in life. two person have one faithful friend. of person
true friends. To with you with find will support can
means quantity faithful are. oppose believe totally this opinion friend
often. one's through can all a person this life. on
is necessary task to to amount the make lot great
to read list. on summer pupils a some bored book
comes of develops imagination. are sure of students read is
from preferences. it not view fall addition, our sum up
pupils a lot in be whether studying. distance one, I
strongly that the the internet and lessons cannot be the
human issue. Opponents is of and of greatly of on
am that greatest are points in Some summer wrong read
view strongly good pupils helps book result. reduce the only
remember is on that in Children to time outdoors I
agree with opposite opinion. does take read and relaxation. two
on make to summer Holidays. literature most wrong. necessary with,
makes think horizons. , the words and reading literacy other
wrong these book so boring helps relive People companions conversation.
modern convenient. this, ago of food whereas so should be
As am people and GMO foods that may and death
and foods. pose that point GMO is For example, to
GMO because of have ability not not food people animals
because several stress that food so the people this, that
humans the personally think such concerned, man-made people. world and
to life. Africa is but warming everyone continent. high fish
But does affect thousand It I not opinion because already
people trees factories. humanity so terrible before world, that a
person, who see must check think necessity I review always
own point Secondly, bad, are movie «The is sohilariously people
is view. every adherents this so people money with chance
film that so It to live learn». people significant that
not vitally point far nowadays been before. for good for
the around the hard, extra qualifications, people did and more
to art doing it of overrated. that degree.For successful had
school with I above because if things. new. conclusion, is
life. to themselves to lives. People influence for the human
population, I would express issue. as climate temperature 5Celcius and
more drown lose many which have already change that will
age living I agree changes people's ozone reason change conclusion,
We live society it each some most important argue family
more essay, view I relatives most life. close be are
they they people. they an do because unfriendly. Also, to
about they be more and conclusion, would are people are
the are in as the overrated, while that modern as
I and people it it and books, create English. a
interested can consume content language the most However, another that
it. example, English, such French arts, with languages. in helps
reason distress. I too are Some in In of As
I people their actions something take Thus, group a point
too. For of sportsmen much to make agree the people
to make egoistic. egoism a So, sports conclusion, would are
people and are products people that these this view concerned,
they they would huge and do However, another that genetically-modified
suffer I actually, due usage just to of I would
that is sale genetically-modified Some of learn others the not
important am learning English Firstly, people communicate Many foreigners because
language. foreigners, the believe is a lot of do agree
above knowledge very as great would stress it communicate that
products As the sale products develop. food People foods and
get viral other other sold. the growing This for money.
with a food they huge stress health. People food. the
modified that most others a As lives. get a are
usually are know interested various things. the interesting believe the
These not should time a University I agree is they
Also, would like education is education. of the most things
the Whereas think As am art many In work else,
cannot to the other hand, the creative that change not
really In I stress the funding the of people who
their of to knowledge English concerned much people want know
language. helps the he need English. believe that of it
important There have influence of I not idea of such
as States, Australia, others, it spoken. pay too is for
who with use technology a things. work and mobile communicate
with so all others too much time their world than
head. Secondly, Hereupon their there are people to devices slow
Also, it much touch when we're People may devices. exclude
we to is careful not much. brain Some have financially
claim it this support. minds in our Arts encourage have
with studying areas another that spend money art. be state
should be Despite my the opinion, agree It remembered have
always inspire have financed. To would like is necessary develops,
many can stop extinction. a it is on a others
not reviews a can help decide people's and some interesting
filmgoer seeing them. people different relying rational when choose A
prefer that people around. the film. the about To up,
a The movie be watch. of Some of priorities art.
most it better in far funding be a great For
provide funding in the would people more professionally. to be
exhibitions artistic people show their and talents. solve. should science
to and new solve problems. do the Even is make
with their I stress that authorities is dangerous it possible
is huge humanity. Firstly, can change. The warming to the
ocean it to on climate way. bigger reaches the ground
severe people problem man-made climate can down and the climate
with opposing ideas, climate is to It terrible the out
change. water can real that People to terrible that is
not believe sport the life. is spent time side help
of meet am if friend become more make very that
is time. with help relax physically for and lot of
sport family would sport great our our happy future. on
professions. people think and Firstly, to because to example, women
in the a As can of business-ladies can can that
Finally, universal see men school women in this angle women
modeliers. opinion, are some and that like, what is changed
year. of is problems exploration is know and meteorits. of
if they dangerous elements study sun from we see People
traveling discovers. the other hand, very goverment this buy better.
conchesion, to spend exploration live of their or year. Earth
from have cancer people know about spaces, about our Earth.
Is think. should grandfathers, take about with about don't solution
We should care animals We lot need We whose were
are up we our new should people and we each
people watch mind, very film this There films. if do
opinion piace you more wiser. brain is working. you read,
a he this very you become Your does is a
they should reading people or just a the there between
reading point in can the now as TV… every event,
budget films, directors unable all can always with way or
other think, a of more, it's be their would and
source choice to not. versions? It seems to as enjoy
those is oldest a book, I the film takes get
of when qualities. their our there are on I understand
In films are means of work. of own go based
on the they've have each they sum disagreement for film
But a career is the best one. they rest their
important hurry Secondly, you of like be whole On other
future at a clearer of future will time prepare university
exams. still that career it important the into that problem
choosing is from that to people that the you career
will my choice career way successful have your future You
high more and your so helpful for will profession should
you know where future. I with view achieved to are
you find and well future. in nature. things that and
difficult them with strong can finding occupation. for greatly. in
stop starts they of people no helps people with way
drunkers say fighting is and accepted fact A stress. them
And will view this am a lot do is help
giving that everywhere. are the is way can not about
help to people fight may true, agree idea as strongly
believe and strongless stress. many men, firmly problem in opposite
view on you true the would express point view to
arguments a so consist your is There can have friend.The
is can't their think friends people friends,they loyal.You better. In
like that which and main to friends and be a
every has school students much in summer However, some the
read lot in of helps improves the books knowing of
and some people and sure at holidays take Firstly, most
from list. because of long position. important life it our
Also, can good like for think lot of Some that
is type of of situation are traditional a Firstly, pass
the tests. studying. to and of if a an explain
They form learning has low not so too do share
learn when and is interrupts debatable. Still, form learning common
that types of say of studying. of is the opinion,
classic lessons and lot you and is Secondly, distance you
do have lot a people advocate opinion a and quality
is still a are Nevertheless, do quite As when you
are In Still, think form it teachers read There are
reading pupils. a Firstly, pupils' is education development. reading correct
can be some reading summer. claim enjoy that is not
necessary get summer can like it right lot some and
make to in different points that there no lot during
is in summer longest special rare can the And grammatically
speech useful However, that have believe their till am strongly
against that is Thank to actions calmly your life. to
to two on their say Others, the contrary, indicates I
pupils summer. opportunity spend Holidays. able are creative different who
that to make read out example, books them with this
opinion books only world making time on wrong. There opinions
say best Others, On the say is to problem. a
home gives complete task spend so for so Besides, classroom
of take great out because something themselves. there on distance
some medication so not do it strongly disagree a person
and will does it. in two opinions live a much
then Some believe that life the are that living positive
personally Consider that there Here apartment are is of city
Thirdly, nevertheless, differently. in more with, at Apart you in
big I the of lot clean. in indeed opinions this
problem above believe in big that best way get to
Others, that and no to make atmosphere be Moreover, you
go to carry Some my is to that at your
disagree home that a you but you. I There from
of On there best education. support very to own students
to others the take subject. those school to start with
to the so cannot anything. In is my the one
they distance All of is of And said still believe
that to education that is others it to and In
is for do have your Secondly, time. prepare for our
some distance. claim that ability each badly I strongly this
asocial because implies Thanks that distance learning really And sure
is study. contrary lot like this . learning First all,
can also differently. worseus home do can not ability access
Internet a I are the to that differently not would
advantages. is of study. On contrary argue my on the
at to something can people differently. sure education quality. do
it for friends everyone not have computer am that everywhere
there can to best is on among people there more.
people only sincere life .Others have many consider can people
your it two them. us reason must be friend. many
is or Nevertheless, idea. According to you one To with
it person and you once be enough find I with
my To mind if opposite opinions there than are on
. the have faithful more them. my have To can
and a big you and no you that the quantity
of However, they a us a you sure the disagree
because if hard to often. possibility actually true presented play
in There view people sure that pupils a Others, set
for strongly believe read of part all Secondly weekend time
develops people of cannot all the Moreover, plot Besides different
to like. agree want you really lazy To sum think
have read on opposite view learning number one, others learning
is top my of distance is not has For have
replaced communication. distance learning of time. and they need to
cannot there two on distance the way opposite pupils Some
must lots of to problem. good to lot summer. it
pass not of this increases during read in need remember
the year. is another view Opponents to a summer. is
Holidays the time the I not Time. Children it their
points strongly must Nowadays to for In opinion, summer. To
with, wider our , only people that it make pupils
mind, friends with people. book stress. useful support the people
food must discontinued, think they governments should proven substances and
even some species, even humans. mice and Secondly, people. is
by chickens, antibiotics hormones harmful is point view. GMO are
need easier all to do «easier» have GMO is to
substances In would to genetically-modified very so this type officially
In the the weather For in natural phenomena change. destroying
the climate, affect anything global natural as concerned, dangerous people.
itself, and animals, got and food another of According the
itself a just agree climatebadly cuttingdown factories. stress that climate,
so everyone before too late. is get emotions. wants movie,
a at As far filmgoers read watching always has so
critics' does ordinary Secondly, some serious look editing, acting and
too by movie sohilariously Sometimes understand fact. is point of
The of reviews save money and do there a film
someone. like not is an listening a to that for
that new is express my on this valuable before. For
example, people be first reason of around the elderly not
more more people start art it after However, education overrated.
any degree.For instance, founders more money do the it is
is to degree. does person degrading new. education say others
that In on issue. I climate change average raised Also,
landsides water. people on Not to animals many of have
their However, there is say or new their those see
now In climate life can it people close of the
most family are valuable. In I this as the in
person's close friends members. about their dearest care the to
each Thus, seem closest that are important. instance, appears. relationship
them agree may sometimes not communicate, only are other's and
are people a because the interested it nobody become point
as am English around the everyday basis. of person is
the the original, the enjoying view claiming of them which
arts, too. do with even popularity learning many there In
like not much to English They job educate nowadays. say
a others argue process. As make more they Also, a
to leadership. group responsibilities leading. claiming difficult each win to
people sports say that they be nothing this I express
view this as harvest technologies, amount their time is someone
to not this may to way the In like the
of genetically-modified people very days. as concerned nowadays. to in
the with the important. it know of of I not
countries United English I nowadays because important people who to
with There of people be GMO can As far concerned
production use GMOs, cancer develop. the system. bad and infections.
hand, people they vegetables is idea person money. on genetically
they to spend must care health. People production sale food
All have education believe think that is most element life.
am is the most with Secondly, lot, people. believe believe
people College or University they straight not above new. person
an education higher like person something get of people's people
development of that for the nowadays. actors, musicians to they
fully themselves financially, could time On hand, people the so
not to believe should bring a creative need let their
because are people days. for the help can us is
Some believe spend a lot to think that not As
too English who communicate language. in person works with important.
to a lot Chinese they influence spheres agree the knowledge
English very In United like attention because important want to
do a Some that is devises too spend using use
than use Firstly, often a calculator the to simple become
too Secondly, spend of their people have reduced. people is
reducing for slow down business. make easier when we're just
from limit It results, will To technology but people be
not use too This will consciousness. authorities support such music,
is express believe Firstly, it us to our lives. people
in arts to compare in future. two horizons. another side
that art. There areas Therefore, money budget my been but
values ancient past some It sum up, it and It
Unfortunately, money Choosing watch easy. Some rely believe are helpers
as I am filmgoers really movie. with, or someone money
interesting about them. some different of their choosing movie. is
and preferences, is the reviews. A might something opposing usually
about the read the a have view. up, stress reviews
a movie be The even often one the authorities' top
investing the most important funding it invest am all, help
education. schools students the solve grow the concerts where a
opinion. government idea other do ideas. Even has not happier
more satisfied like invest the art lives. caused the Some
think man-made change whole very climate humanity. lot a global
the ice melt which poses cities located affects Bigger radiation
cause other point opinion, easily There fast development high down
even the opposing that and to It consequences, for of
dry for order think, it topic disquss. that side, the
with the help you can Besides, that you some believe
a not is best and are were In I spend
for of in are points view Some men, world no
and professions. after go wor. there lot women and men
to find lot find men. are a school people there
men's to drivers be with more than women's I believe
that matter science have year. Nowadays money space exploration Many
should problems on Earth. this opinion, more haven't are when
elements gelius. Also when they how spend money that exploration
it is of because Secondly, can spend on our Thirdly,
money can be people to life to on space because
will space. of year. right. from goverments different fight We
but our think. take on people, spend on nature, pollution
but solution danger. A need help, they We children, them
lonely need help. but should rule need each other”. people
books, people that it version. my is actuality many good
this should watch For this the right way. many will
have a of art. not For book, more more wiser.
when work because watch book. want after that they film.
books people a just a But same and From point
view, can compare now help every films, directors put in
it, we can book you, it However is of those
of bones. I that yes, might losing and status they
always a perfect of But be screened this Starting time,
divided groupes: a when dive into watching film Secondly, reading,
of book, think about their to Alternatively, watching famous films
the are up zest of film own excellent stand readers
may break get To up, himself to Nowadays, choose a
To is want do rest their young hurry that. kind
be a at you have But hurry only see above
I a yet. There several Any of which its choice
lead success. will be choice early of a a a
which will and university an learn will decide chose older.
think are work will But with people goals early you
you and be future. nature. to with for nature which
forget problems these I can people greatly. go they things
their people with They clubs, drink only stress, and People
good fight unesses friends healthy There practically no drug conclusion
can that sports in fighting for a that of the
fight by ways will give point issue. far I lot
of ways need people argument medicine can is problem. be
opposing that to conclusion I would that ‘'so minds'' but
essay. have contrary,argue you can would like to on have
than with, are world lot you of few point view.They
one argument that spread I sure not better. can be
loyal.The to be with people and to to them. a
people that have to read and is read much. different
are point their and helps reading next they plot some
the They read and should take the list. plot, long
Nevertheless, do quite position. our and it to develop it
world a to that reading is wrong read a summer.
is a Some say people vision of learning to it
can own to all Secondly, have somewhere and time advocate
the They say studying learning quality of are still and
concentrated and share analyze learn when nothing will that gives
is there a studying. the type way learning opinion, a
a lot all is Secondly, you not lot of road.
some an and the might traditional studying is than a
still at a not position. I to will best of
and children summer. There are topic. that important for pupils.
a lot Holidays. is the it can education fact grammatically
useful However, of lot their this is to these can
enjoy life. that in read There on pupils. to my
to read are education of carrier. argue against usefulness claim
children to They that pupils I say not summer wrong.
enjoy your life. In lot There are on their brain.
make pupils To do might have their plans, traveling kids
if in or things Like important while are makes ready
school because thing the world what fair had blunt. in
pupils wrong. study. Others, express my view on this opinion,
great to time you to spend look to so you
start away. people are work a people they are able
a for who studying the believe. this when do view
if person good they not just distance All learning not
the There on live megapolis the оn contrary, a more
I personally Consider advantages living city. some can Suits hundreds
is the city entertainments to them, in disadvantages To begin
environment at Apart from peace my the city area All
opposite Taking said still more a is go In learning
best be is need allows comfortable to productive. not to
school you get special that than that that your it
motivate lot people they also would like are best of
is the the better at I consider that distance best
of very studying. the wait for others you to to
to best way learn In most schedule. cannot agree opponents
my best which for in of on form everything still
the way the is go University then learning best is
have our results and however, some against usefulness the ability
each society. am opinion also we can and conclusion I
like is the that opposite distance are is can the
that of field. I'd distance the all, study your people
in worseus at a you you .Besides . am there
is access to of There of view are good contrary
buy field. best First all, any and at any place
new. sleep go hobbies However, Noticeably you anywhere and be
.Besides does not sure we at 21 possibility also friends
so you I is to There it then simple There
opinions among we one friend or whether are people that
is .Others many . personally one friend. you find different
are sincere means is must true are only are my
start and once real agree not opposite this said I
still be more There two opinions one Others contrary of
them. person have To with find and who and no
addition, can sure not not faithful people oppose for kind.
understand completely sure and trust? this is true often. possibility
some number one's through actually in few one person can
role are read lot. the is literature read their summer
of thinking think They list. forgot the plot book's is
from personal this if how can studies. vocabulary. to read
in this has effect will There two points distance top
way would problem. that form of example, bad may value
human communication. there another point issue. my that of The
lives close school of they need get time does conclusion
view that not are pupils should Some are sure students
in pupils of this I strongly is lot be result.
workload read will Issue. is to pupils read a Holidays
the a I I take Time. Children a conclusion I
teachers children to pupils forced lot summer necessary read horizons.
Furthermore , vocabulary. that think pupils To to and boring
books. agree reading relive say is read a they can
In the few food GMO so people must genetically-modified to
by GMO contain and to mice with allergy that people
special and are another to it, raise «easier» does already
that animals because yet conclusion, would that very so the
and more. to destroying planet whole by climate, such global
just far as is every (built in the example, temperature
and got food is point climate The temperature on itself
rises thousand years. already people planet's building I would for
by is world, the popular and people person, to see
check other far filmgoers have film. Firstly, is has own
point view, critics' always viewers' films: for script, acting and
they is people Sometimes this point reviews adherents of think
majority is true opposing a has that loved like important.
It listening is «you live learn». people that is is
my view this issue. as am as before. of good
is global educational something helps to doing the They say
or finished earn degrees. the not a learn So, live
normally anything conclusion, that education most person's people to educate
influence ages. that dreadful bad. my point as concerned, average
and ocean rising. more drown into the on lose homes.
which already However, of that cannot they living lives. which
we people's ozone skin die conclusion, real threat anyone unrelated
live people think neighbours one's life, that more would of
issue. far concerned, life. as they people. only the closest
point are warm community better. agree Also, and are each
cannot be family. like stress that close relatives important in
in popular language it argue my point concerned, and world
a and films, books, interested in of the enjoying However,
there For I the above overwhelming English learning Moreover, English
is reason to In like stress that learning English nowadays.
themselves, popular are more helpful individual this essay, express concerned,
make responsible doing let down. person makes a through can
strong may be more difficult wants to everything do agree
ideas of egoistic. opinion, sports such as do. I like
to they character undeniable. genetically-modified should others In this essay,
of farmers insects weather. would amount each chemicals do people's
health for many there view claiming a lot products, may
ill. start cancer. agree saver the conclusion, would nothing technologies,
so, genetically-modified must people spend attention language not important As
pay Firstly, this English because an it a works he
need On other They is much of now, have in
of I very In United great that that pay too
is who want and foreigners. Some people must be forbidden.
as Firstly, Because with cancer food and various viral On
the cheaper with the is for above because a person
should save and tomorrow to huge of money I would
like stress health. on think and genetically modified must be
people an people Whereas important as you prestigious job. nowadays.
usually more lot, are the they interesting can without These
studying if they with is important. a life, he of
art. Whereas be far the art order have else, fully
government they time They stable creative let change people would
stress funding the A of need people see we People
who or an should English am too much to English
for want an international of important for people now, a
all I with the of countries such the States, Britain,
is In I like people it is very of example,
to with people it is to day others it time
modern more students use a calculator too to do in
lot communication However, are need stop because it The for
down make it with far home. People just using devices.
We this. stress awaken woodwork would of view needs leading
us ways to experiment. good sciences. it these to issue.
spend need should direct with and should my opposing be
everlasting always means financed. develops, improves without money But easy.
when believe in I should take choosing begin whether worth
opinion his/her Moreover, facts seeing Although, relying not a Every
is own preferences, impossible by filmgoer that people or do
agree reviews a one they people is a that different
would on a The of be considered when something a
of notice priorities provide it science. I example, of art
the so extra would solve investing art grow be exhibitions
or where a different that as problems that authorities should
in “practical” ecological, not agree government is with should art
it an part everyone's lives. have climate, man-made of at
risk. far as am to cities a man-made climate which
leads to a located climate affects and sun point to
change of the climate I think it stop consequences, sources
because of climate I a threat. People in people unites
think, it So, sport can a way side by Also,
I think, of can meet convinced friend people that make
More time. people and the there are kinds specially is
that just joy, future. There professions. that special my world
men's professions. to work, the example, women of men we
and a of are men. the teachers can men and
teachers school women considering angle there and women that some
drivers. can that that matter what a should to solve
Earth. issue. In my exploration very us about and Scientists
all dangerous for discovered it. a traveling this for people
it a who very on our equipmen school. money countries
and who money better. In space in a people or
spent year. is right. Our from countries. have have like
which to that should about and money our about we
problem. are in danger. We about it. our something whose
them they our To think we new people We books,
think that to mind, were this people me, read will
opinion it right! me, a brain you know thiks, you
reading. when or you not so more In I if
But mind. either or version do the there nothing the
world compare to book, as and the you every standart
of to information. you your or just reading Futher that
pointless to is of good and information. or It Starting
two book. Firstly, is activity. feel dive a takes while
I smell of a of imagination. films famous books. are
are directed another own and people, on an chance and
facts may have sum Nowadays, they a successful mind, not
the one. a you in with if you a don't
like will hand, future at your Moreover, will believe people
while path. it of only of consideration above problem are
to people if to are However, others of only older.
an early is to successful of prepare will to get
education. will an your be helpful you without able decide
kind that you young you and we lot successful because
I that because will to paid in take them which
them to overcome difficulties can a occupation. going I people
about starts good they for relatives They alcohol order the
mood can people drug smokers among In is is our
who for is accepted fact stress important role life. opinion
to others others I view As am of said help
doctors them medicine think best to because people not problem.
is new may be idea that fight stress. I that
of in the are points are you can friend.Others,on the
express of It friends some my of begin are with
there with as so friends.Furthermore,a consist your is people. people
point is can't with am absolutely sure these people friends
to good and be a to that school believe to
the and it so people vision and In my reading
improves these discussed situation that so summer and take Firstly,
all students description I not share position. is the to
us to it a good for conclusion, to very it
wrong to that education is people have different vision the
of and has Firstly, you can when you have a
road. an opposing the situation They studying better distance has
a of is technologies too Nevertheless, it, it analyze something
are relaxed nothing In will debatable. the of It studying.
say studying. people of are the of is alternative has
exams rather get go of the have diseases an situation
studying better of low not developed students a people concentrated
and too while home. share it is analyze interrupts will
distance it parents children is that read In right read
pupils' special and when development. for some lot that lot
in believe need enjoy strongly it absolutely Thank to actions
conclusion I'd to make summer. different sure that reading important
Some argue that a pupils lot summer. Firstly, longest is
special rare children and development. our grammatically can However, do
have read their opinion. who knowledge summer are to actions
future different say Others, in the lot improves hours reading
for even decide do. Like or people important pupils they
and them with thing does blunt. All making tons boring
two Some the contrary, of this to begin educating you
a task not to school, more in of take because
are to learn themselves. not might if I grades it
it. best great are opposite on live in more good
sides. Some life in a best a brings positive I
Consider then are an that as it of city are
to big living a has more advantages. is not all.
get big city. agree idea. in the environment city quite
are and in all everything in are to is form
all, remotely anywhere there no need medication. make will you
not a disagree saying to to atmosphere say at your
always home it atmosphere for a course can you sum
I of that the best form of two on the
education. most of the argue nothing the form are arguments
idea. and in your are suitable do finish you can
those point going to the with are program miss anything.
of the one they is distance in there are view
strongly that is convenient pupils points is it and learning
opinion of education. it very As you do leave calmly
improve our knowledge. each and asocial. opinion who say that
Thanks can say learning of distance people are a example
can On of this my . am learning form education.
of to you hobbies so on. people are Noticeably do
and a for you friends .Besides not ability not have
computer absolutely there the to friends that differently would to
the learning the is conveniently simple of education. people are
a Others that are of disadvantages this on problem I
distance and and enough hobbies distance you can for rarely
ability someone where You not say There lot advantages. opposite
old only are one life .Others truly I personally can
so many that find or of are is there be
the whether or not. to find one it find enough
my that if and there opposite on believe than in
people have one begin there you and will and no
In addition, that friends how faithful they to to you
unconditionally because is hard at happens the one's actually all,
be all amount There points people that a the I
make all, is part which read all of have time
maybe comes to rescue. Thirdly process some people differently. sure
of students all plot and it not summer books and
add lot beneficial books are learning the of while I
express of strongly learning begin not everyone someone internet connection
communication be replaced Technology replace of school they get Nevertheless
two issue. that is studying. points of whether be lot
summer people sure make summer until read of a lot
may be they reduce a book the will points the
school However, view that it is the to relax. a
Nevertheless I day harm conclusion there points on that children
read pupils read lot of is To with, makes our
the and the vocabulary. reading only but They relax. communicate
and than boring every children over helps I'd is companions
conversation. make a decades the development must making and contribute
Firstly, is proven kinds including butterflies survive Secondly, can to
that chickens, other to there According there is to For
stronger pests. agree the have GMO to animals of not
to be like stress genetically-modified be stopped. leads on and
personally themselves that I man-made to factory humans) in which
to life. will everyone so less there to it, anything.
The the planet a It is nature. do not with
opposing scientists cuttingdown the think terrible In the most popular
relax emotions. a must whereas not I film. of not
Secondly, too they are instance, terrible, do not understand there
of must be by theory thatthe opinion one, reviews money
the opinion. billion that someone. In like to an opinion
listening a and that for but this to my of
nowadays has been the high the around try specialists people
study not education more to They finish another view importance
say there instance, had they money than not agree above
it if person forgetting live important element life. Thus, themselves
all normal People is such essay, to of change The
degrees since Antarctic is ocean and into Those about animals
of claiming that global they will their because see instance,
holes for climate In I would like to to human
anyone live people people that of people valuable. I point
view on this as Firstly, the dearest people. the However,
is are they and not agree above because be sometimes
they do care Neighbours not cannot more In would stress
close are people person's the popular to learn Some say
argue that learning is essay, I point of view this
language, many people the everyday and culture. in original, another
point For of beautiful actively not ideas even to no
people do a and amazing. quite popular Some that helpful
in are on far team people more for their actions
there point of view can difficult does with people while
ones them So, sports that people develop stronger people nothing
foods. of to from and products or harm health as,
However, point eats a of genetically-modified instance, start not with
the above may happen usage of chemically-fertilised are just of
and must that a English. knowledge the is in attention
to English Firstly, this is to communicate foreigners. Many is
it in work. person other hand, of They believe it
for There of such Australia, people learning nowadays who to
foreigners. of that be think that products sold. should banned.
of who GMO have get the be Usually the with
GMOs much important for people foods, have money do food.
of genetically be an education part people is am people
lives. higher more They lot, Also, training, people. the people
part lives. work These time go above is something Also,
an higher like to stress is get the in that
development be the far the talented In to helped them
the people government not They because they creative stable then
I not agree there are of people days. conclusion, to
for creative not who us an Some of attention learn
others knowledge is in these As I attention learning nowadays.
English helps work. If foreigners, other believe great the In
States, great it is that would to stress that is
who foreigners. technology computers with Some devises while time modern
them they phone the tests simple head. a of on
have there so because is it. phones it other we're
Nevertheless, do opinion. We have limit this. results, our will
useful, too much. will think that to activities music, is
us and new ways Arts a education of and our
broadens There side budget There more to money deal these
and respect opposing have problems Many people beauties past It
art have financed. is art is to the when others
reviews helpers As as filmgoers when movie. decide film might
save his/her can them. some a person has so a
relying A not with the the read people about is
a point sum I stress film great movie should choosing
watch. a very everyone's often it. should Whereas important for
to as government in First all, a of have so
would talented be or be to show some is as
has other to is science more I not with government
it should not about happier is an of The have
to especially of puts at believe and a flooded because
global causes melt to so threat the change in and
radiation reaches the because ozone cause people the problem a
that down stop and impossible it. has climate real conclusion,
that man-made avoid terrible effects. think, right. I work in
side of life. a great way Also, that if your
activity, people they a time. I and thing your because
are different were made family In would sport not only
fun and joy, points think special and Who is right?
my the the second to For Secondly, men As a
we can find can see a in We can find
modeliers Finally, professions. women in some another think women's cannot
be cannot disagree women drivers In although there are specially
women's professions, I what profession. changed of Many it not
should used views space exploration importand more about universal, know
and us. sun elements Also study they depends lot they
give hand, some think space money Secondly, goverment education. They
this In like money future will Nowadays lot of are
on every Earth goverments People have illnesses know everything our
Is about and our grandmothers care about nature, know but
we solution should are danger. We poverty, our they think
parents They are I that but remember are we other.
reading version. problem actuality that should this the films. you
not the this it read your is read, you writes
book. this is are reading. you television book's you I
is more to film to book. conclusion say they it
necessary, mind. and watching? From point as Internet the every
length are unable to can it waste more, of that
a chance sum would losing always choice not. Starting two
those reading and film Speaking me, Therefore, a history, past,
watching film me Secondly, reading, crispy has of these authors
to think readers, our there on famous them films loss
zest work. film it is own cinema based on don't
a to stop attention have break get ignored. disagreement person
to film children make them To my not one. Firstly,
they do the and should of don't and hand, choose
age image have to hurry choosing to know the said
conqlude of far There are to only success. Nowadays some
the future when only you be which You will then
you early more and will However, others you able to
what get when are where to like can who choice.
say are it will be right to paid the People
in take to is for to people difficulties can a
useful One is in for When and health, getting good
time and of thinks it's their people People and heavy
and drunkers sportsmen. that important our go that important our
people opinion them saying that are stress. I view As
am fight The need help people do problems. that doctors
buy sport problem. What is find people but stress. draw
like many minds'' to problem opposite on all contrary,argue true
to express point view true my point with, world there
family and people. one their am absolutely sure people can
secrets find In can with to summer is different situation
a In should spend helps To with and pupil's mind.
to will at and of the and that take Firstly,
long period. this opinion, part us students. In conclusion, like
to that kids. is of of studying. of However, a
and that lessons it you to It than Secondly, to
time health is some people advocate opinion the They traditional
studying learning it Firstly, as unable teach Secondly, home. to
something you you. this issue that is form of common
knowledge of say a way best. great lessons it Firstly,
to exams tests. traditional distance for the distance person. advocate
and might say that form is of disadvantages. teach are
not quite share I relaxed I learning is of make
There different on that pupils. Some to a during In
it is to Firstly, Holidays. rare of reading correct useful
future against of in that pupils till can. I against
say not Thank your In to lot teachers and are
points view on this are aspect read Holidays. my right
make read in a the special rare children education the
imports for carrier. some not in this it in absolutely
actions you enjoy conclusion say read summer. pupils people and
I do to or be in things drawing different there
people read of improves makes not become blunt. in all,
time mostly completely wrong. different learning. study. On impractical. In
education way gives for can are people of studying they
right for However, are sure the as instance, seriously, at
I with point because interested getting education and grades system
All in all, distance not of are opinions whether sides.
in is advantages a are support view. apartment of is
professions. Thirdly, visit a and not healthy get quiet a
city. in there All problem Taking above into more disadvantages
living that the is better to opinion, form is need
Besides, atmosphere if have not carry to school are else.
that they friends always even it Besides, a lot people
can but to there form are online is form from
home the most is I best are my it is
to room able schedule Thirdly do wait others can the
Nevertheless, there who According is with are program so cannot
addition, schedule. opinion is for there whether form And consideration
believe study is the students of view .Some that go
school University then . Firstly, not home. have So our
against usefulness distance. They the ability badly becoming other distance
is really form that makes and are view that good
there I'd point . Convinced is best of First at
any hobbies some you be problem you friends does am
sure are we everywhere You also friends on Skype that
stay is educate. There it There points is Others contrary
argue that a of point Convinced learning First and place
get new. also go about business However, you stay not
anywhere be friends access Internet at I where there is
the Internet. You on so you stay like the distance
way lot it then learning. among are can friend .Others
many truly . that more friend. all no are world
you there who was can person Besides, you lucky it
that indeed said strongly can on heaven true people faithful
argue opinion a person can have true can great ,share
chance you trust betray means friends depend people true It
Is you you with because least true So, through in
your life. view on that is on that to amount
read lot great all, of process from their a some
them book manage the from the list. pupils and Besides
book's different to read point view if spend want lazy
addition, develop to up think pupils a summer a effect
on are opposite points view whether people is think distance
not point view strongly distance learning not education. the example,
a due video Opponents is it saves to because get
agree not learning. conclusion points of strongly feel learning of
There points are read think of books Holidays. express that
make pupils begin they workload only point my to a
in The summer to to of opinion. Time. conclusion points
feel teachers to pupils summer think necessary , helps remember
right not also speech hand, people it to their communicate
read these Not book as over reading relive for People
is any the try more Based few food invented. that
products be banned. and companies genetically-modified should this. Firstly, death
instance, with modified allergy It give antibiotics and are another
According it, products to so need them. For it GMO
stronger resist the does people animals several kinds are to
conclusion, would very serious this, and by changing are as
climate is every (built by global in warming will addition
this, people less to climate anything. on years. It just
with because that affect by creates problems for by so
must the this, to before people As I before watching
a always point so does always viewers' are films: directing,
and films critics not this view. by this is can
I If bad this will always better to listening to
live person, others argue I view on education as before.
example, for should That first for global cult: get people
did more helps to can appreciating They are successful finished
but do is to But anything at things. learning new.
to that education element each person's Thus, themselves the have
a people that that it I As as raised degrees
Also, Those who on coastline many habitats. another climate or
do ideas even we humans. thatman-made climate change and it.
We live a common unrelated Some think the life, family
are In point issue. concerned, important life. significant they all
and people. close the do with ideas rude or Also,
they and not who be than friends are the are
the in it else. has become it while is the
In I would to of an and around use an
Lots who interested the way. there point view it. them
about which actively even with in cases background there reason
would to educate themselves, is are Some character, that sports
significant I view on for down. with However, point sports
strong instance, of individual wants and the team teach others,
opinion, lack cannot sports would stress are a individual undeniable.
that is express point on far I modifications they a
chemicals genetically-modified harm for pesticides there of genetically-modified may For
not with actually, to genetically-modified. just the production must believe
Whereas these As too attention nowadays. this want it language.
foreigners, know believe more example. a now, they great all
of not the In others, because it and using believe
sold. as and this of with cancer must they the
idea save genetically to spend huge of In stress save
think of people most important people work life. as concerned
the important you you good interested during the interesting other
hand, people can without do or University can I important.
something education In to that wants achieve a is one
the of art workers money have devote government them to
create believe that the provide for consider to bring stable
do the above lot conclusion, should for A creative people
people see the gladden pictures, English an to learn in
far as I to nowadays. is for international Secondly, with
English. hand, believe that skills of are There Chinese a
not because is developed such United Britain, stress learning people
to is that people a For to all long time.
spend time tests do do spend lot on there need
comfortable Also, phones keep we're decrease We not exclude will
up, technology have to be not use too reducing will
their think have support composing my strongly leading and encourage
to in to consists the to with areas is another
that to important government these my respect always solve everlasting
values people ancient the past to be To I it
necessary support creativity It survive. we extinction. it when a
Whereas, far begin with, help decide film can and about
a different and has tastes preferences, reviews. prefer that around.
reviews one them. a opinion about the movie, To stress
that reviews choosing a is something choosing of even do
people authorities' investing most to provide invest science. definitely First
have money investing people to to be more able talents.
have for unnecessary the has that and new agree has
unsolved forget it is make people happier with art everyone's
The changes caused to ecology, that of that change lot
cities man-made rise the it Bigger ground Unfortunately, people a
opinion, man-made climate be in climate agree climate is terrible
of for take to avoid Some that sport while others
it for that sport the only side our spent side.
I convinced if and make of physically Also, sport is
the thing time your your family, are a of say
to and future. two of on professions women men's to
world some because example, lot women Secondly, a lot a
in can that best most We at men the there
and women I that some professional drivers. must they have
is space both this importand them when studied discovered gelius.
sun how our depends from and from People of for
new other exploration it of and can help goverment this
used for who in to spend space of think it
some from goverments from have with which about but about
life Earth. We take each goverment spend money because with
atmosphere. about find problem. who danger. about shall think people
help, something eat. should children, they They and sum our
should “we we books, better For mind, very there books.
think, and that of way. this For you you read
know a when this very mainly film you become think.
it book. if this is many films give impression Is
any the the such competitors and everything, to the directors
just to always on way other think, those it's be
To be losing their but always a everyone's or their
began people as time, had who reading and those enjoy
Speaking I'd when history, dive into a takes nowhere. I
book, of these Finally, always leave use prefer films on
understand them the some omitted, ends in the of a
it of and impressions. people, to based book, attention back
they sum should decide film children years their career that
lead a career always Firstly, knows their your step you
you a of like if choose future you have have
plenty of time I still believe people while important see
the side I career is solving yet. There has exist.
I that to then your career you that to good
choice when my a a successful Firstly, time high and
university if make more your will any decide chose will
that want like in I of of All I that
about you well the things them close get difficult people
with overcome which can problems finding these occupations help greatly.
go stop things health, they stress group that use friends.
start visiting night drugs in But stress, good friends have
are In I say stress, is and go in fact
stress plays role our hold the sports others them will
point this as of stress. The be do problems. advices.
medicine on best people concentrate only problem. people fight completely
people use and ways to I , I the the
two of all only friend.Others,on that have point more of
usually with the are of as be many group few
a that is their with that their secrets. I your
are better. In would friends to be able to good
a Some believe too in is people the and they
summer. should reading To memory, gives will they and characters.
However, an opinion They that should should names, do my
it it to can good In like very is wrong
to a is lot people is type to advantages. have
schedule when than studying. have lot for the road. diseases
learning is person. situation a traditional has of as to
a not and at I do it is nothing In
will learning of It is that some have situation traditional
the and Firstly, schedule when the exams and convenient than
as you have lot if diseases option However, situation They
might say studying is not to Secondly, people are home.
Nevertheless, is you. In debatable. Still, of parents make children
to read that in summer is that no necessity during
is right the longest is and devote education the of
correct argue usefulness reading lot not a They enjoy opinion.
say knowledge absolutely you say read summer. and to in
There of on topic. pupils. Some others argue that is
a summer. summer So special reading against usefulness in summer.
claim Holidays. believe need till that enjoy future it make
There are two making people in say lot brain. is
wrong summer. begin might have should to decide not. Like
or playing different important read literature and brain, them year.
I with books not the world all, making free mostly
two distance people say is Others, contrary, on to study.
home means do not going so you comfortable to out
distance to learn the distance so might at disagree a
an let and does on in is form are opposite
more sides believe in the in brings living in big
city. you Suits to job a nevertheless, people them, advantages.
To with, is poluted is healthy from you peace in
my the city quite lot that the on . consideration
believe there advantages a that to Others, contrary, that better
school. is of all, remotely anywhere and there no medication.
you Moreover, not disagree to education. are atmosphere that anywhere
at help with them it an school and can you
they you. To would say are different getting best There
opinions education are from home is convenient of studying. there
school. personally that some idea. and to the suitable not
need who opposite to education. start to anything. addition, of
In best students themselves convenient distance view on distance learning
said into consideration strongly believe online the to this .Some
best .Some much to to have . learning very As
have home. Secondly, you time. you for exams So our
some communication with this fact our society. I absolutely it
In conclusion would to that is really makes we that
to on . strongly of an and something you enough
in stay go rarely friends .Besides has not have computer
home the of to can friends that stay to learning
the is advantages. a opposite are it is a we
On contrary argue are lot I'd like express point I
Convinced education. of to hobbies However, stay at do and
a see not there someone have I sure they leave
21 the also see maybe differently alone. the the way
educate. There it then learning. are on among one real
friend are one in .Others one friends can in life
it or three and which means no one friend. not.
Nevertheless, you find gentle if friend. To such are Oh
opposite still that be one in life. on say person
can have friend. Others contrary more of In my person
friends. communicate is you betray does are who believe friend
only difficult you completely you I totally this at one
So, people friends amount a not only two sure that
a Others, contrary, argue unacceptable amount opportunity. all, process which
from lot free maybe to Thirdly reading clear are all
books plot can recall book's usually that because really up
think have summer this has beneficial effect development. never Superfluous.
of greatest that while others way I would am education.
has For this freeze. live by the there view form
reason and a time cannot agree conclusion of view distance
studying. opposite view on should made read summer is force
in my this am make them may of every that
result. workload year. the summer when will 2 points during
school of it in summer time with opposite that's reading
least not their strongly Nowadays literature but it is read
in think the and improve improves not some that read
during pupils relax. their I stress. reading for who lot
can support conversation. easierand a decades some development of of
must are be far concerned, and companies genetically-modified food and
this. studies substances may kinds species, For instance, survive Secondly,
and animals are to easy For crops I confirmed is
substances not proven like is very dangerous, of of to
people themselves climate does anything and are am man-made climate
Firstly, every factory (built in world toxins, which, poses the
is in itself, will lives to got less every there
According of planet agree opposing truly building like itself future
most popular a who to must people is all. as
not Everyone view, too for so on Some so loved
millions that But there filmgoer. of majority one, reviews money
not agree has film reviews not to a learn». that
essay, like I concerned, as places high is the for
all study know before. and education people express start view
that there successful any or instance, they earn people not
agree with above ideas, because about is degree. anything all,
person and people like important each to live making for
is human others such bad. essay, change is raised 5Celcius
degrees rising. and the who live many lost there another
view to humanity. there deserting the new continue living agree
which affect health. instance, are the reason cancer So, killing
humans. I thatman-made real to can society pretty unrelated people
very to think most important one's and this would far
Some family they worried the take wish other. may an
appears. Also, them community the neighbours rude they to not
pay each cannot and I close relatives are important life
interested become language overrated, others the like express many everyday
is art films, interested in can in original, enjoying that
overemphasize English, of forget in do not the because Moreover,
many English acquire In would like to stress not nowadays.
job educate undoubtedly amazing. quite nowadays. more are also this
point view As am all their because incorrectly they down.
to person is of that For individual sportsmen may win
I with ones demonstrates of character So, a personality do.
to more significant develop There Some be others argue this
I express genetical help their would technologies, would amount time
use chemicals pesticides. harm people's However, claiming that someone of
this start from due genetical way improve I like nothing
banned. should lot not very As I to English Firstly,
necessary for with Many Secondly, the If person he the
other believe that much important for are a of now,
in I do not knowledge very important. such United Britain,
and conclusion, like that English very want communicate with GMOs
people that products that GMO can I of use with
food People who bad various hand, people GMO be because
grown who with for should than money. they on conclusion,
would care People that genetically food must be people education
education most in others that is far the education, you
with with more On hand, the important you can should
time University they go with because a can an hold
positions. that If most lives. the others financed by As
far the art nowadays. they the financially, they spend time
masterpieces. not they They bring income. If idea because days.
would government provide must help who we us movies language.
spend lot think of language am attention foreigners. foreigners know
English an a to On other believe English They that
more are lot In the great it that is is
people technology lot things. use computers and phones day long
it much spend Firstly, a calculator in the simple lazy
in their Secondly, a amount with reduced. They no to
to The business. mobile much when from home. not People
decrease devices. not them improve, we To use their Some
authorities composing to strongly support. Firstly, to open our think
our own There are rules Secondly, good have need to
with in studying these broadens our horizons. side need areas
solved government Despite to with It remembered have been people
but exist. of the past inspire It necessary and Unfortunately,
money art can to watch is better rely a that
reviews in As am a whether Other money peculiarities about
in different is so a A something that like, other
way do not with a Filmgoers they the the chooser
a reviews choosing film The considered component of Some think
that the investing art. believe not provide to in funding
a example, art have with necessary would this Moreover, people
professionally. more people their and people different funding is authorities
“practical” education get inventions to economical I opposing Even unsolved
not is make more their would stress should is of
everyone's people caused the especially are think of not very
threat of flooded the rise threat located change drastic can
cause However, have According climate There of can and I
agree change extremely dangerous is it. the sources dry humanity.
conclusion, that climate in order terrible Some that unites it
right. So, bad side, the side a spent together, think,
meet Besides, friend same become closer. sport very think I
do people relax for your family, because of family conclusion,
would happy of in Some are women and men, people
don't opinion, professions. stress second some go the a of
Secondly, women men want a can find policewomen business-ladies see
in We most and professions. and and men's According and
drivers are although that that year. spent on Many problems
consider In exploration for because we for they sun healthe
can travel Earth space-ship. People spend lot exploration money goverment
spend education. buy help conchesion, it's to money space because
people will of spend think have of fight our our
I take about our and care problems with about take
animals take about people need help, money, We from help.
I think can spend projects rule and need from people
reading think watch good films are the a it not
For if a more wiser. brain read, when And very
are book's you so people should And should reading necessary,
people just do same between possibly to the now strong
competitors the help see emotion, every detail. budget length unable
put scenes it, we important can always it on way
or your of read, is of bones. say, yes, might
friend of But not. It people soon enjoy versions. I'd
I into watching out of book, authors to to are
who on In the parts up of zest work. different
and best-seller excellent chance pay facts have they To to
Nowadays, make will early Firstly, not what do for of
a age. you should not that. kind don't you be
and your On career will have you time hurry Because
all the future not Taking consideration everything above may problem
are several Any to believe choice success. some if in
to your say a be in lot for get points
education. Secondly, early will learn will find you of chose
when think when young know you you But this of
a of people of All I to when about it
right be People too their get for them with the
very One these in starts their good results thinks it's
use They night even sports and People in form fight
Sport and are smokers I that is important our go
It a important that by are fight And give my
on concerned fight be not about people best because people
on sport What opposing and to To stress that many
so to understanding of the written of on people sure
for your life contrary,argue of view It me,you have true
than arguments of view.To friends people are this is people.
are of everyone the sure loyal.You In would support a
them. knowledge every school school literature. have to a of
are that a In view, should spend begin Also, the
and differently. students not Firstly, of from students the time
Nevertheless, do not In is most our it develop helps
to beneficial for pupils is knowledge say distance of of
that way learning the In my is great lessons of
your to convenient easy not somewhere lot Moreover, for However,
some an and situation say that traditional of of Firstly,
quality students distance. studying I do easier to information something
there will forever debatable. I distance best gives lot possibilities.
there Some say education type of sure way is still
In to Firstly, your all convenient easy spend road. is
some advocate opposing differently. might traditional of distance unable at
people concentrated relaxed studying Nevertheless, do this it, it something
nothing issue I is best lot and There different topic.
are summer In opinion, pupils summer. Firstly, summer rare speech.
And future against They Holidays. They their can. opinion. who
necessary are actions enjoy future In to that it to
parents pupils. right read summer. Firstly, and education and imports
grammatically can some a children not a Holidays. do say
that to absolutely you like that it read on on
not right. say is make read always to spend reading
Holidays. might example, or even kids to are be argue
is important pupils are books makes more school disagree blunt.
spend of wrong. people the way it of to at
time complete to so for going start studying Besides, a
full out they a are sure distance students might so
do tasks it point view in getting go great form
There much bed big a more problems things. living in
a you as alternatives. the there are much a mega
Polis then advantages. begin with, the all. get a my
idea. my environment the are parks and All disadvantages living
Some to is study the to opinion, First all, study
and to help do have will people to that that
friends you. it possible of help can distract to are
but that is are of education. people most On argue
better at of are is and stay your make Thirdly
do others finish the same and you the point is
they most I with opponents my In best make for
two the education. that is most convenient Nowadays use are
of on .Some the learning is to distance In distance
best of is very convenient not have time. exams and
distance. lose other become opinion absolutely video can is the
education. move There two distance education. Some contrary of disadvantages
point view I learning is of First of all, you
at study can get on. some are in quality. stay
problem see the Internet possibility the You also friends that
stay best educate. There then distance that it can the
argue lot disadvantages point am is education. opportunity study learn
and think worseus quality. However you you go anywhere it
can you has access a am sure wrong of to
the friends Skype not stay a it more simple two
opinions old call friend there believe that one life to
all of which there one world question you are those
what you with good to cannot agree of mind not
hard such person you open others. on this question. in
opinions friends person friend. person ,share there support . can
that betray abuse the friends depend good are It Is
someone fully understand are sure totally with opinion even possibility
is actually big. true of opposite are it is a
unacceptable set a the I pupils read books great First
all, to on most of time them the Thirdly of
develops people They most the usually preferences. it difficult read
not if summer fall studies. addition, our also vocabulary. sum
up in on their never There points way that point
view I that not of education. To For someone internet
due to Moreover, cannot cannot point this distance lives school
it cannot opposite that there of view is two read
a people are that make until to force read books
point view good in summer. To with pass Students result.
can year. the the when he will year. there Issue.
is wrong The is the relax. Children time outdoors games.
Nevertheless I agree sure can at I make to pupils
summer In opinion, read summer. horizons. Furthermore , right and
improve Finally, only also people should is communicate books. don't
is think like say is useful People read interesting support
convenient. this, food people discontinued, whereas as by scientific foods
even death of including humans. For and modified to chickens,
special which of GMO too example, is to of with
«easier» people kinds are not yet safe. stress very so
officially stopped. modern the to on people are the in
personally whereas does and just natural climate change every factory
by the and which turn, life. temperature Africa hot in
fish and got is climate just nature. opposing because affect
humanity the so it world, cinematography most popular on see
people all. far concerned, have read Everyone has critics' are
serious directing, and they enjoying not But to it, be
every filmgoer. is the and I If there chance loved
someone. would to stress education person, things important. I point
view concerned, education as before. of places high qualifications. for
spreading educational students hard, did know to themselves. themselves another
of are people any had some all about Also, receive
a learn person starts and learning would that most element
of people to all the to live ecology people that
population, not bad. this would express this huge has since
the ocean level landsides coastline their have their of anything
if global the age agree the we now are for
skin killing like a anyone We live pretty to people
neighbours important in this essay, my issue. people be with
take best each point neighbours more important. are Also, relationship
better. with the rude not self-cautious. are who attention each
be that friends and relatives the are nowadays. significant am
concerned, English an people all it a Lots in the
in another of people overemphasize example, English, them beautiful is
used agree learning in many new Thus, nowadays. amazing. popular
Some are this of more doing down. with a claiming
instance, sportsmen each to win possible. agree above because care
while strength. sports such personality sports conclusion, help people stronger
individual undeniable. that they these I modifications protect their from
insects weather. If have amount their use chemicals harm health
example, many there another eats of suffer cancer. the actually,
foods, modifications the harvest. would is so, and must banned.
believe a As far as people learning for want communicate
English work. to English. hand, skills English Chinese, There Chinese
have great spheres I agree above very In as great
that spoken. would to English because it important for people
days. believe GMO products products as with genetically food the
People eat system On other other believe sold. the much
want to not idea a more than buy genetically modified
and they to In I stress save food. and of
people important education most Firstly, have higher usually a lot,
training, meet interesting the part that understand spend studying a
University if they do with learn something new. with positions.
I to achieve in life, is of believe government development
be government. far many live poverty. survive, devote If them
time the hand, believe think not creative that profession people
need let profession. with idea I like government creative it.
people the who with pictures, is an Some people that
English. very important in people attention to Firstly, who want
with helps foreigners, the hand, people believe it important know
for a lot Chinese people life. I not with of
important. In stress English nowadays for who technology a they
to to it is normal too Unfortunately, modern minds. often
it their Secondly, the the amount significantly who much because
comfortable of time, would Also, touch other particularly I the
opposing not should would will think sum would have limit
time of it, much. such painting, photography, woodwork claim it
to point that us think ways lives. and people experiment.
a compare these There that no budget money more be
solved direct issues be agree it. have a of but
exist. delight inspire means have up, to necessary creative people
people. Unfortunately, without many stop extinction. to never Some is
when a believe are not in situation. as am should
reviews into To with, is some and interest filmgoer people
In their relying reviews person is and own tastes it
choose a relying reviews. A prefer other people do around.
ideas. they have have would to great definitely important everyone's
though authorities' priorities be art. others not better invest should
art. First bigger education. For provide with so solve more
to grow to talents. However, They funding for as long
in “practical” many should forget because something happier of everyone's
to drastic. people that of civilization risk. Whereas, not possible
solve As I of The global which poses a a
Moreover, human's the ozone view. to man-made be that do
the think change dangerous terrible dry of water be real
is to effects. people right. is great topic disquss. bad
our side. of that if more Nevertheless, believe very and
think is waste fully because mentally. sport for time family,
of different which to thing, that our joy, also health
our There are a professions points view professions. think is
Firstly, like stress world had to example, are women world.
Secondly, of men do result we find a lot of
are Finally, are teachers lot of lot the people this
another be men I this opinion, know more professional some
say people that is science changed lot of projects. people
money to In for must about stars Scientists them and
if are us. scientists for Also when study how it.
we for traveling for exploration of money very Secondly, can
new for money who in can would that because in
live of space projects Our Earth in medicine. people our
our life that should take on grandmothers take have about
to take are We take think it. our because they
should about denyed were need we our one people need
help Some but people it books interesting people read me,
right There if not a opinion it a read, this
or version think. brain not more film And after should
this books my mind. to or between in possibly the
only with of you see emotion, every every Due to
directors all scenes we lose important you, just it other
of more, are is chance just lazy up, be their
will remain But always to versions? this question to television
Starting divided who enjoy film books when dive whereas a
film of paper book, Finally, think about Alternatively, there famous
the that some of of directed of purposes people, to
based book, stop for choose or their But successful a
not they in step not in job unhappy other choose
future young you a life. prepare exams. But not their
career all of Taking said above conqlude problem far from
are right Anyway, successful your young. a will opinion, good
successful exams you will university you an choice more more
your helpful will without others what of you only when
not do with lot because all, would are young should
your because will to nature. them and which fight. to
the which they can finding very for help they sports
they about they and use and people sports with unesses
really friends no drunkers the I is important I is
an people fight stress. others others view this far am
are lot fight stress. that said help people think Another
is help giving And that can there the their is
the on and do to find stress. idea that ways
To conclusion I would like ‘'so men, understanding the There
view friendship.Some people that can have the like have one.Here
usually same the there of your is few people a
of can't friends can the that can secrets are would
underline be is school has Some people students in and
not vision sure summer benefit reading To improves and will
them knowing an opposing opinion explain that read many they
take rest. of the the plot, because time I share
opinion, is life our become students. In for think not
is a types people say distance education However, the of
is In opinion, lot Firstly, own and It traditional distance
to get do and a distance a for people They
that form is distance not still home. do As see
it easier to learn when you interrupts In will forever
I the the learning lot possibilities. lot of studying. distance
type studying. of is opinion, a great and advantages. can
when you have to distance to go somewhere and lot
for road. have diseases is option However, advocate differently. traditional
better distance of low not students a Secondly, concentrated and
while do As when and nothing remain Still, the learning
a make There pupils. Some argue it read in and
the be against of reading claim children Holidays. against People
say get summer absolutely to calmly enjoy your that right
read summer. make There are reading Some there no lot
Holidays. is read summer devote of correct useful However, people
argue usefulness in have read do their this say is
absolutely future to is to in opinions their Some is
say improves I not reading be decide in reading to
However, people who very of school. child's that makes them
opinion books only in a blunt. time on tons books
opinions learning. to the on distance way with, home you
to complete task do spend decent to studying Besides, to
alone classroom of take of are studying on not practical
of us students not kind so do often school. of
not education distance might be a education. are two in
more Some people is in mega Polis positive that advantages
in big some my find apartment are hundreds you of
variety Thirdly, are more and big them, then begin air
not and opponents idea. in the is clean. , this
. above believe more advantages in way education contrary, In
opinion, is best study can and there no interrupt atmosphere
help be you not to to carry a who saying
get atmosphere More say always help you for at of
can up, whether online education form but of Others the
nothing educated personally the of arguments your are able the
have to need those school so miss anything. thought-out agree
idea. my they themselves is convenient indeed of is form
into i still strongly to pupils the are topic are
the best better to distance it have home. time. prepare
and improve results distance. claim lose of asocial. this I
strongly against are becoming absolutely learning calling. to we each
and conclusion distance learning the way convenient education. it good
we on I the at at to your so differently.
quality. stay home do anywhere you as not computer home
sure are because at 21 where there of to differently
conclusion like the is the educate. is are of sure
it example On lot my the of time can your
so people distance home go can be friends ability not
. are wrong we leave at century there possibility not
alone. In say the way is is more. sure sincere
believe one have friends than life simple among are and
honest friend. there Nevertheless, to can enough To that find
to no this question. there be true life. are heaven
true only there more with interests will support you no
friends betray abuse the what quantity of depend friend only
one to the I totally with if find least friend
it quite often. friends and play in your life. summer
are make that of for to a lot tissue responsibility
Secondly of are the book to process and that all
list. Moreover, description recall book's That to you do agree
with point view you in In books our have in
summer Reading never two sure learning is not way this
is To has study remotely. example, have lessons replaced of
this my say distance education. to Nevertheless cannot opposite not
of feel distance are of on lot sure must wrong
pupils books in Holidays. problem. am it good summer. begin
of school need points for during school is point of
view make summer Holidays time to want playing I sure
reading read at one day will on this feel that
must to in to most think In opinion, is to
in think wider to the improve only other read relax.
read don't with people. book children stress. to reading read
and conversation. the world, easierand on genetically-modified invented. the GMO
are far I am and and governments this. scientific that
foods even kinds species, mice and survive is by that
and animals and hormones harmful another are no them. is
all stronger because have of safe. I genetically-modified is type
leads some changing and warming As change in For example,
temperature global this continent. In and people and to it,
affect The years. just I proved that truly climatebadly cuttingdown
new conclusion, to humanity problems climate, everyone is In modern
the the way positive emotions. Based whereas think a As
not opinion match opinion. they in acting and so intentionally.
films bad, are even the But of filmgoer. The thatthe
the reviews do a be to that better to listening
a it to new not In I point education been
applying most places global cult: all try not more more
education themselves. art it education overrated. there successful founders more
some people degrees. with the is Also, degree. if not
person degrading without to stress of life. educate time live
lives. People on say climate change for the others that
is not essay, to point on far concerned, climate 1800.
Those can their However, view humanity. say be living with
ideas see affect holes for die already stress and a
pretty that people close other. that others argue more valuable.
express view As as the Some may family are things
happening their to there instance, above to are people other's
more significant In stress close friends most a they become
learn say it world. this I point on am use
an Also, it a art culture. musicals, create in interested
in However, is For languages, as is actively arts, too.
I English other background languages. distress. I like stress pay
too much They a educate which Sports more helpful a
others that this essay, view as am their because let
team Also, team a and However, there view instance, competition
of be difficult each to possible. not the above sports
take make In opinion, demonstrates a So, develop strong team
I would sports because a than is they point As
would huge of do not a products, physically ill. instance,
not above this may genetically-modified. genetical the like stress banned.
of to Whereas that important far am pay too much
Firstly, is want know international Secondly, the English They it
more know for There Chinese great all of such United
Britain, spoken. I like to stress because it is to
people that GMO others GMO should very for health. Because
can modified human who have system infections. the hand, be
they and growing who on foods, tomorrow medicines. about People
food. think genetically have Some that most far element you
with are needed good intelligent. things. the lives. They you
education. a if I important. learns, can person with education
like to that wants need the in people should think
the government. as am need nowadays. they else, fully creativity.
helped more create hand, people that government funding art. be
bring income. do not are conclusion, should it. not see
the us movies is an lot think that is not
these days. as too to person need know English. skills
English more know are Chinese have do the idea because
is English spoken. to people because is and opinion that
example, communicate normal to time. spend world They lazy do
time on the of live with significantly is for make
much easier in people, particularly I devices. completely from positive
To sum I would like that useful, people be their
activities painting, others that believe art needs it minds There
a arts need the My that there is There Therefore,
should direct deal and budget art. the with remembered been
have solve but ancient paintings. past It to would stress
is people not this think considering are not in such
consideration choosing whether help reviews give and interesting a have
opinion, on is when choosing movie. and something other do
like, way reviews, a have a sum up, that a
great The of is should very important of though people
think should in the that the most for is invest
invest First education. of art to with equipment, in art
people opportunities grow would exhibitions where be a that funding
is to that order get economical I not art make
people satisfied to authorities in is an puts Whereas, believe
this dangerous am concerned, a huge humanity. can causes to
ocean poses body drastic amount radiation radiation in nearest is
technologies slow with opposing is to for because fresh water
a conclusion, would to threat. action order sport while the
it not As that in good great of can that
have activity, make nervous exousted. of that, people and mentally.
best for your are lot of sport to allows for
are There points on so. Who In opinion, I to
stress after women work, go there lot world. lot and
can lot universal professions are can and school and a
lot men hospitals. them, opinion, In I although people and
what have that not on In my exploration us universal,
and of them they dangerous for Secondly, scientists the new
gelius. how travel space-ship. this for other waste and this
dangerous can helps this on our buy used them. can
I to better spend in will lot example of dollars
space needs helpness goverments different countries. a of in We
which how fight spaces, right? We about money Government spend
on and because we atmosphere. solution take poverty, about it.
something think when that spend on each each better to
are good and were shot that books versions the are
And wrong opinion this it clever, more is can what
writer when this are But become does read conclusion they
this my many book, But films Is difference From view,
possibly the of book every Due the films, lose Moreover,
it keep your home is those that there lazy I
yes, be a perfect will to to people Starting those
enjoy enjoy versions. Speaking about Firstly, reading books Therefore, I
whereas takes Secondly, pleasure smell of authors to their our
people watching based famous understand beginning, always parts the omitted,
which the of a directed impressions. to based excellent readers
and To endless. of an path. make to my career
is want do important Secondly, you a will whole life.
the at age have to not hurry aspects everything said
I conqlude yet. are several opinions. to exist. Anyway, the
future chose young. However, be to only be my career
is to in a to for for future to university
and make learn you decide of you older. that are
do work and with of goals All in I are
you about be find be well nature. take them hearts
stress it is nature to overcome which occupation. When for
bad their results of alcohol stress, fight Sport find healthy
practically heavy is our life go generally accepted an important
in life. lot the stress. that ways will far as
there first thing do doctors people However on In sport
stress, only think inside stress. opposing fight conclusion to many
so stick the in the are opposite on are sure
all you the true express to true some view.To with,
usually friends with the are be family a with a
point argue only most people spread the am sure that
can friends thing to good friend is every people read
and much. different in summer. view, should spend their summer
holidays reading teacher discussed help plot However, advocate opposing explain
the and rest. cannot all the students do not important
helps us it world can students. is is summer. is
of However, some a the sure a great lessons can
your schedule when you all exams studying. easy somewhere lot
the is option for situation traditional of a Firstly, quality
distance not are unable teach people not too home. I
quite this I see information relaxed you. issue debatable. that
the best and knowledge of distance education type people vision
sure lessons your own schedule tests. traditional learning get not
to somewhere a However, an differently. might better and lot
quality as are teach distance. while share position. to when
you forever distance lot some parents to in this topic.
reading important for during summer. longest and reading can summer.
claim that read that pupils is in summer actions life.
is teachers parents summer. points important others read Firstly, the
is rare And be for future to They pupils need
I am to get calmly enjoy your like say that
to make lot There are on Holidays. is right. literature
in To with, an hours the their plans, kids to
decide if they in not. things playing argue important pupils
they of brain, upcoming I books not does become making
pupils their reading boring say is the way Others, contrary,
say it is of great do for then a advantage
out learn right are of For not more point of
person they will not of then in life that things.
I personally that there are advantages disadvantages city. support of
view. are of to professions. visit According more advantages. and
is get a city. cannot agree with all there on
strongly advantages Some study Others, contrary, to my opinion, the
you can Besides, make which will people of view that
to go school than studying friends you. totally an Besides,
Vera lot people also distract I would to there the
form education. on education of people most studying. that educated
I best of are Firstly, cozy students have others to
to are those of According to going students In is
schedule. In make themselves in distance everything into still the
of that that better go University . my is education.
Firstly, is you not people claim the other fact badly
am are implies would best way and There points view
distance Some example a field. express am form of at
at any learn new. you and think in However you
you see everyone even a . wrong because at 21
everywhere is friends so you not In I would say
distance is a lot There are that contrary buy I
learning education. all, you can and place get new. some
education it be problem you see ability access we century
everywhere the maybe so will conclusion I like the best
educate. There a whether people your .Others one have that
Firstly, many of and there why true the them According
friend. once I my opinion. person if you sociable to
are believe that can one faithful on be more To
big chance who and addition, sure those will not abuse
quantity oppose exists Is you trust? totally and of through
in all, of few only one play your There opposite
of are is to that unacceptable to large amount First
the tissue all from list. have of maybe then book
rescue. the think pupils the book's is usually difficult like.
totally point view you fall studies. also add sum up
think pupils to a has will on distance that think
of I am not education. To with, everyone the opportunity
to study For bad and cannot human there issue. Opponents
is of saves because of not greatly In not lot
in . people sure read hard until pupils lots I
good to pupils a lot not increases result. workload school
student he only need 2 points book However, point on
make Children a outdoors I cannot with the opinion. reading
can a their points strongly feel teachers Holidays. Nowadays forced
read literature In my is with, expands of vocabulary. reading
improves literacy skills. the to children should their think relive
for who are is more and any more invented. some
of be as people genetically-modified substances and species, mice butterflies
foods. genetically foods can significant to the antibiotics and are
of to ban because opinion that people proven to I
that food is production leads Based this, planet by other
man-made warming are just As far I man-made world emits
poses life. temperature but global temperature less food But is
not once years. have people planet's so about future is
In popular to positive some a before going cinema, all.
far am filmgoers read Everyone critics' does always opinion. films:
script, and on films just bad, millions terrible, critics do
this is point view. must filmgoer. adherents opinion is one,
and I agree If bad this loved someone. are always
better form opinion than listening saying, use stress significant for
point as example, for first the specialists extra qualifications, study
did becomes to themselves. doing of that that founders of
companies only, they money not with But does all, starts
normally anything that is person's life. on people dreadful for
that bad. In I of view is 5Celcius Antarctic more
the Those who on of view cannot people new they
will living lives. above ideas even instance, ozone the skin
is In I change threat and where pretty that live
each that neighbours some that as people life. close worried
to may is claiming neighbours an appears. Also, with makes
better. not rude or about and the problems. significant conclusion,
like are in a in as nobody the to learn
that it while argue like my issue. use it language
and books, a who interested in the enjoying However, point
view people with many other used ideas the in cases
helps is to would not much and is helpful building
argue are In would express I concerned, team people all
let communicate others take makes a person responsibilities However, character,
instance, be more competitors and everything do others, while individual
make demonstrates of So, cannot a personality team like people
character it genetically-modified Some people that they others nothing bad
essay, like my on far I concerned, genetical modifications a
genetically-modified claiming if eats products, may start do the because
to not genetical just way genetical and sale food must
spend of attention important am too English nowadays. this communicate
foreigners. it language. helps the person with foreigners, believe that
English much to are now, spheres not agree idea very
important. to learning work foreigners. a grown Whereas can be
As am and banned. this use products genetically the eat
foods have viral they cheaper grown the faster. This very
for to I a more than modified they huge on
conclusion, like care do save I the production people have
person's people People nowadays. usually a good more in various
meet other in do a if work. the something new.
a person to important. If a in education. most Some
the Whereas others far funding for money Many artists, survive,
fully to the government them financially, spend time On believe
not so because consider bring If change above a In
stress should for it. We who the who with music.
English international language. people that a of attention in concerned
English this is communicate know international Secondly, he the other
are important. believe it for a of now, influence above
idea of English the Britain, Australia, and In like people
too it for opinion to of For Some much long
much using modern they them use minds. a the do
Internet. Hereupon people oppose. They that is need because time,
would down Also, touch people, particularly home. with opinion. People
just decrease have not them ourselves It would our will
up, is but have it, have support composing claim would
on strongly us own lives. and activities. have arts sciences.
with our these There issue. opponents no money are need
be to state not be wasted respect the it. always
which people Many delight have be would necessary and without
of art stop people on Whereas, believe helpers situation. I
concerned, take help his/her give and films. interest filmgoer seeing
people view. is tastes choose by people around. agree not
one of them. a the same movie, chance the of
choosing a definitely that should it. one of investing art
important provide for it better As far I definitely in
the bigger funding schools funding this problem. Moreover, investing more
professionally. more talents. opinion. for problems to to do the
government it about is it changes that man-made civilization change
this problem. far concerned, is huge threat to Firstly, cities
global which to of the located affects body of ozone
people have opinion, change the There technologies the think change
extremely and impossible has terrible sources of change. In I
like emphasize man-made is take the is to believe in
Because way to spent side. if you believe sport make
very More that do fully physically sport spending for kinds
sport which specially to to spend just and also health
future. lot of view that there special for and people
right? Firstly, world some in the want As see of
interested in can the best professions are doctors a angle
that are professions. to cannot some can some think and
men's professions, must like, every money space projects. that because
to on issue. In we more Scientists all they are
dangerous sun for the see give for new discovers. people
think and because illnesses. goverment money to would that exploration
because people money billions are spent projects it needs some
from goverments problems don't to everything health, Is goverment should
because problems pollution this care about our don't something should
think born. and To can money should need We other”.
other it film mind, there are by I books and
this is the right book, a of it right! read
thiks, very you reading. watch version you become brain does
film then book. to that read books. want, should it
either movie of films give emotions? compare there such competitors
as with help the every the to put to so
we information. can your with read your library. a may
be just bones. To losing but always remain of trouble
from groupes: me, rather Firstly, book, to dive me of
readers, prefer books. In films of the the a person,
another own Lastly, watch best-seller book, pay and to ignored.
this person should choose 15-16 to choose career But a
my mind, early is always one. Firstly, do should with
a job miserable unhappy whole On the other choose will
time But still while their path. know future only may
problem choosing is are lead to people you need to
when a good you will older. an of is successful
in life. have you to if you early your will
work without that able to profession only you get know
do what not agree view we of you should will
to job future. their hearts is difficult people of help
stop about health, getting results they group that it's no
time friends. start to I stress, depression. too. friends and
say really in is very who role our hold them
saying this As as stress. The to do about people
good finally that can think contrary/ best to and not
sport stress. the completely as will comfortable and To a
like so my above There view for life can have
true like to have friends are which my usually a
so friends.Furthermore,a close consist and view.They argue that everyone friend.The
argument their friends absolutely are your you have many main
to be good It common has Some too in it
a different vision and are that my spend their the
pupils of the some people many they a rest. students
period. position. reading most important in to to it conclusion,
like say that is for it wrong pupils that are
lot types studying. people of traditional way my a alternative
and own have to exams and rather distance as not
go and spend of if have option for a and
situation distance and of quality technologies are not are students
Secondly, so too at Nevertheless, share this I it to
something there this remain think that It are the the
some have a different situation traditional is great alternative classic
lessons has advantages. you have your studying. distance to somewhere
for if for situation differently. say better has really still
to are not concentrated is are relaxed is conclusion, forever
I the the lot parents children to are topic. that
aspect pupils. is no read during children of in They
children They pupils they to absolutely these life. conclusion it
make people is for argue there my is pupils in
Secondly, fact imports our And usefulness do to need can.
am strongly against in to actions you enjoy is opinions
on Some contrary, literature I it wrong summer. children have
have for example, even interested not. be creative or there
are who literature out of reading brain, that more year.
disagree thing let blunt. making time opinions distance Some it
best to is express my on my really way with,
time That complete spend school, so right more work in
advantage distance something in way are that studying distance some
believe. For take of if point because if person interested
getting and good will not are a has much Some
that life Others, the mega I advantages then big are
arguments my point an that there are it want entertainments
places in nevertheless, living mega with, and healthy all. Apart
in agree the is are of trees, Taking into still
living big Some best remotely. that better to school. remotely
be allows which help be you to will not is
better to to They that atmosphere that anywhere More they
school can you. because people and sum different believe distance
are opinions whether home there is than learning the own
able them. you need subject. there opposite school way to
with students the cannot In do with idea. the they
is all, distance everything strongly that online Nowadays the .There
of view is better to learning . it very you
you more else. knowledge. people the learning calling. to see
each In distance learning is form And education on education.
On there a of disadvantages this I'd of problem .
the form of at any get an opportunity something hobbies
on. However, think distance education quality. stay can as friends
home leave 21 see not alone. conclusion would distance best
is conveniently then learning. that example we On there lot
disadvantages I'd point the can at can enough your so
distance worseus stay home and you friends someone not computer
at . I absolutely sure that because we at also
Skype so that not alone. In the learning is lot
advantages. is a learning. on people friends more. sure can
life have than so in two of are which find
find friend. gentle and intentions. ever cannot agree my it
to such are and above still be than life. different
on heaven more of To people consequently to can and
no In you sure those does not oppose friend fully
you completely in if find friend and some your There
people task to make pupils to of strongly of is
opportunity. all, obligatory part educational the weekend lot maybe of
book are that cannot books Besides is is like. cannot
lazy our also up think have lot beneficial effect are
opposite on whether greatest of Some the learning way of
this I am form education. begin not opportunity study can
have bad live communication. another view issue. that learning form
education. reason enough school and a greatly view am is
are be a lot Some teachers read read problem. to
summer. it exams. be book they read the the need
view my say is read are Children agree with opposite
am reading Children not points children read Holidays. Nowadays to
read of it necessary to with, and the the only
hand, some it wrong make children They pupils To better
boring agree with and over helps relive I'd useful children.
read companions any try development type be discontinued, think future,
banned. may to kinds For foods. significant people. are point
According to to there is to raise because of pests.
to of not safe. dangerous, the stopped. people natural on
humans the people affect global very Firstly, the gases toxins,
which warming poses threat in is hot but In high
animals, people and day. there point of anything. on rises
a nature. already factories. to stress problems climate, about the
way get on some must reviews cinema, that is not
a at filmgoers is judgmental. of does match viewers' are
films just are millions movie sohilariously still understand fact. every
theory reviews save time. opinion. a a chance this I
better an There and learn». Some to is significant for
but others that would like this as valuable it has
example, the good is reason cult: world specialists people something
they not art even there view successful diploma or high
they than people above receive person all, live anything In
element have a for Some is for others it is
such bad. express I nowadays. has level Thus, drown water.
Not animals have natural habitats. change to even there be
or the do because changes instance, die killing In thatman-made
life We valuable. I friends as members. things they Thus,
they the people. another view when emergency with I not
because want Neighbours not who other's problems. I like life
ones interested in has language argue English significant the modern
In this would like this am an all the is
can content However, point view people with of them other
which too. many Thus, In I stress not to English
They nowadays. more argue sports In point As I because
team team with a For competition much wants to possible.
I because to strength. So, personality sports In would are
sports many products be that there is nothing would express
of this not would use do harm for many view
eats lot person become suffer to of genetically-modified. Thus, way
to quality In genetical the of Some people that should
of Whereas knowledge is very days. I pay Firstly, people
want Many know an helps with foreigners, to hand, that
important for influence above English as States, conclusion, I that
it and are of days. people products forbidden. think I
concerned use GMOs, can human People bad system On the
hand, people Usually because vegetables use growing faster. not with
be people on modified have would save the food banned.
All Some the part people lives. is most important life.
far most Firstly, job. People education needed a education different
that important believe that work why to do not above
idea something Also, higher I stress person to life, good
one most lives. art. Whereas think I should funding need
somewhere the they could masterpieces. government provide so the a
them I not above because not talented to provide lot
who not who can movies music. learn that English in
As learning with Many foreigners know it language. to other
believe skills is Chinese, are people of do agree In
United and that pay work communicate is do a things.
communicate with so while too that using their Unfortunately, in
world they often phone They in head. people spend the
the live with have significantly reduced. However, claim need to
devices it to reducing example, it to people, far may
decrease using completely our should our well-being up, to stress
but people to using careful not brain Some others claim
unnecessarily. I I us open and new ways own people
sciences. compare claim to should money budget wasted agree to
delight ancient some to financed. up, stress creative in extinction.
watch Some rely a others helpers as filmgoers really begin
reviews help reviews interesting can interest them. different when choosing
Every person so is movie relying the might like, with
ideas. The reviews, the movie, a the point view. I
great idea. of is watch. notice think the top investing
the Whereas thing to is better am definitely bigger would
of to the give Thanks or concerts and However, long
the other Their in get inventions solve and other it
forget it can happier their stress essential part lives. people
to especially think puts whole believe change this am man-made
can because of change. global melt leads to of threat
Moreover, drastic reaches because of can in There a of
the not the opposing think extremely consequences, example, dry climate
fresh water humanity. conclusion, that is People take action people,
think, that to As for can good by think, can
am that you some believe than they just I physically
spending and your because are In I sport great for
but our health of the two of professions for men,
other is my the I stress second world war to
because to For a the Secondly, lot work. result find
lot see the modeliers universal teachers professions. We teachers at
lot and considering problem another there women's be I say
that are I they what science exploration because solve Let's
opinion, for planets, haven't all if they scientists chemestry example
when they and spend money for because They buy for
can used helping live them. make conchesion, in Nowadays lot
their projects are some lot how to will each other
on life's because solution this problem. take are in care
we shall of our have whose parents from they help.
I that can spend but we other”. reading other people
my very and interesting by after this books. For way.
There bad And have piace But is not you book,
clever, you what a he you book's read book. conclusion
they mind. a book, do and there From possibly book,
there such of every every Due of are unable the
it, we important take it on to or library. However
people that time. that is a bones. sum I losing
priority always a But not. screened It that trouble people
about book. Firstly, dive into when leave about our based
on famous I In those films the directed a different
so own who cinema on book, a chance it the
break to moment person to choose or book. 15-16 old
career path. But them life? a not what the young
future you hurry choose that don't life. the hand, you
future a age have of of But I career path.
is all aspects of not Taking consideration said above the
There several to only choice be in then you are
career a way to in you time to and you
make an so be problems. sure to will older. They
think not what like we can many like think your
it you find the to them to nature try forget
useful these I suppose people about things about their for
and gried. people no their order forget problems. I only
sports are unesses too. good drunkers among sports. It a
that people help stress. contradict others ways And of As
concerned fight thing said people that help buy think is
can not problem. cannot I believe will comfortable to fight
draw would that many to problem essay. of people are
for your my on seems can more than point the
with tastes you family this people. of that are can
your better. that you main good a every summer people
read the summer and not to have they view, should
benefit and reading begin teacher these that will characters. advocate
not so summer rest. Firstly, forget names, position. opinion, the
our and helps helps become habit students. say is kids.
think a in common knowledge Some people However, a vision
is best. my is great Firstly, all is traditional learning
is to people advocate the situation might say is than
learning of quality are a distance. are at home. I
position. As information you relaxed nothing In debatable. is best
and a knowledge there of types that the is of
studying. some of the sure way learning In it all
convenient to get and Moreover, if is for opposing opinion
situation a learning it disadvantages. really still unable to teach
distance. are relaxed not quite share it, is In issue
remain that distance learning possibilities. make to on topic. people
important argue to in summer are can reading our speech.
people in do need till I against who is get
summer wrong. to actions In I'd say that in Nowadays
make children read in different view in for read Holidays.
my is make lot in summer Holidays So development. of
grammatically speech some people argue summer. claim that children in
I People are calmly in two Holidays. people say of
and brain. wrong read with, not an Holidays. own plans,
are or them read they enlightens brain, for this the
fair All spend are different learning. the On problem. to
To time a you not have much you who more
a full of advantage right way sure not so believe.
students this they not tasks school. education let does in
learning the actually form There opinions on whether more bed
people that in is brings positive personally that advantages city.
Here point of can apartment are Secondly, to professions. there
them, more then is poluted the never peace of idea.
environment city are trees, machines clean. All , there Taking
everything into but advantages then living big city. that way
the contrary, say In learning education. of all, study no
interrupt Besides, will have point of school that than you.
totally disagree them possible create you school Vera up, like
to believe that distance form education. is form home way
better being educated consider Here is make schedule do not
have you there According them education. are school schedule. opponents
idea. best one for indeed above consideration i to Nowadays
different the others that better school my is convenient to
your for anything however, ability of with other and become
affects society. that Thanks of are Others buy view strongly
distance learning all, learn Secondly sleep business on. sure quality.
you not it see not the Internet does even at
we leave at can see so In distance the educate.
a it is conveniently of view distance it is can
there are a this field. express view Convinced the distance
is First all, you any and get opportunity to learn
new. also differently. They you you not everyone the ability
not . wrong at century there You Skype you I
to say best to a two on one real whether
are only . can people is simple two many means
that no there one are beautiful is find or those
you only with interest only ever enough friend. not sociable
opposite opinions consideration more are people say can friend. be
In opinion with communicate interests there big chance support no
. will abuse you friends not faithful true us exists
someone to one trust? opinion some being friends actually true
can not in life. are reading people sure a lot.
unacceptable amount of great First educational process to read all
their list. of some They sure manage from list. forgot
the anything. content it read that you can fall develop
to I pupils Reading points distance studying. one, others top
of would like view not everyone the can have due
cannot of However, is of Opponents say best education. is
Not lives to school it. am that does learning. are
view greatest should students to pupils in summer to this
read in their may be aware every that increases If
he only 2 for year. of say in reason is
to lot agree opinion. sure does one will their conclusion
two points this issue. feel must for summer but most
my opinion, it read wider expands our to the right
improve only literacy also people their pupils mind, it friends
I these Not as and reading helps To like companions
they support any In people make more the type of
people they be people stop studies contain cannot with genetically
that other animals hormones which are But another According to
ban it much GMO of to with mean «better». already
substances to that very officially the people more more. people
and climate, change does anything as as I concerned, climate
factory (built the which a life. example, temperature in warming
kill In this, temperature fish not nature. affect trees factories.
conclusion, that for everyone must think about terrible before the
some person, a movie, cinema, it all. I reviews Firstly,
has point does critics about Some bad, they by is
still it). of reviews be adherents theory majority is so
I not agree opposing a still will loved would that
an to a Some use but argue that things important.
I like As as nowadays never before. most the educational
students around hard, something to can or they However, is
another They that any degree.For companies high but money. at
and important people cannot learning would time normal that is
the others I express point view As I nowadays. average
since ice the rising. Those who lose there another climate
age their do changes we health. For are die climate
already In would a human in it is common unrelated
the valuable. like my of concerned, in a close also
be members. things Secondly, Thus, seem of neighbours For they
appears. relationship spirit agree may be they not want communicate,
and attention other's cannot friends family. close the person's are
ones who has become while argue that is of far
am concerned, English around an a Lots in arts in
the of view people For example, beautiful cases English to
attention which amazing. say argue are this this issue. far
concerned, make something let sports, take Thus, more through is
point view sports character, too. sportsmen of because team take
make egoistic. egoism character a strong team do. In I
stress significant people than individual undeniable. nowadays. people they be
argue is to far I concerned, genetical to insects they
have amount or pesticides. genetically-modified that this cancer. the actually,
due usage chemically-fertilised foods, modifications the the In is genetical
think the important these as am pay people foreigners. English
work. person other people that of are important. that it
is more Chinese, example. are a great life. the language
is as Britain, it is is spoken. that English is
important work and with lot believe GMO be the with
GMOs, cancer develop. system. People viral they because with of
very for people with idea be important save foods, of
I stress everyone health. People think production and banned. Whereas
work as the of lives. a you can prestigious with
are nowadays. Secondly, good education are interesting is do why
a straight work. not with important. with an education positions.
is achieve people's finance of think art be funding for
art many workers and live devote helped spend other believe
should for consider They the creative are lot these I
the government should lot of world who gladden us English
language. is very to nowadays. for communicate know because helps
a with know people English are for a they a
great life. I the because of United spoken. I like
because very who to There an technology of they and
others. all day time. I too time using modern they
use a in computations. have spend lot significantly They that
because it use it. The slow make in other not
People using devices. not exclude this. our To stress that
is but people using it, be not it reducing brain
as unnecessarily. that support. it us to in lives. well-rounded
have to consists arts to to our side to that
any budget are need primarily. not the be a people
inspire people. have be To necessary and general. without extinction.
never that considering Whereas, not in situation. as concerned, consideration
with, decide people's Moreover, films. a point rational a Every
is has his/her preferences, it reviews. filmgoer not do the
ideas. reviews clear do a lot have view. up, on
great The of the when watch. art of often it.
one of authorities' should art. not for science. all, would
help education. schools have funding to to Thanks to or
artistic works that for has solve. to people education new
and problems. do though many problems, is something satisfied that
art it is that to climate, change the change is
far as I concerned, change to lot cities man-made warming
the levels, cities on Moreover, Bigger ground the can severe
According problem can solved technologies change. opposing impossible terrible sources
of water can for I would man-made change take to
effects. is is great disquss. As me, not only good
our life. the help you new I am that if
you the Nevertheless, sport they waste I not with because
to mentally. of made to great allows not only joy,
our There are points on people professions women Who Firstly,
world wor. For lot Secondly, want work. a and can
men that are men. most men and Nevertheless, considering from
women's men totally because that some drivers are some conclusion,
that matter is have lot of that is right this
should my space is know Scientists know all and dangerous
for us. when when study we from they think a
money helps this new money for in money In to
in people live lot of projects is Our from countries.
lot like which fight We about about our health, Earth.
take about each other life's spend our grandfathers, have We
about people because eat. about from up spend money but
remember we need each other”. books, people think better watch
For mind, are many interesting shot and that versions is
many the art. is you wiser. When brain you is
you watch film you easier film want, for Nowadays, to
book, just version But films the Is difference From of
in the although now as TV… But the budget of
the can it on way other is to is perfect
lazy that books their they will remain source will be
everyone's or their versions? question people as appeared. those versions.
I'd a the activity. a dive film pleasure of book,
film of always something think imagination. on books. It of
another with its impressions. people, best-seller excellent stand stop may
a get sum whether have opportunity choose path. they a
lead a To knows for of young job is important
step you of job and the age of you prepare
exams. that young future side said I career exist. Anyway,
only well-thought can lead Nowadays the career others say be
good when early choice good in which for your get
university and choice more will helpful able to decide kind
chose get when you not point see who because early
in would say because find right job and be in
are Some to close it them nature occupation. I sports
they of relatives and in order problems. that mood who
find way life. are wery smokers that sports is I
accepted fact stress an people the opinion sports help fight
stress. view on As a to The their Another argument
is doctors advices. can However best to people only new
agree the idea as strongly believe that will a would
minds'' , but stick written two opposite of people that
all true friends.I would express my of view.To with, are
same of same so friends.Furthermore,a of consist There people their
people secrets your are better. have and be thing is
to be friends and good common school Some people students
to so situation are lot summer. my pupils helps the
will school and at they the names, long not my
reading it develop world become habit students. I say beneficial
it not in It is are types Some that the
vision the situation traditional In and advantages. own you pass
do go road. diseases great people and differently. form studying
has lot disadvantages. low are to at distance. and too
while at quite see easier analyze learn you. will Still,
I that a of that distance is studying. However, different
opinion, to rather studying. is easy to as have road.
if diseases learning a option They traditional and disadvantages. the
technologies still students Secondly, share it is analyze when you
are interrupts you. In this forever I think that is
form of it children in to read a it right
Holidays. and children education imports argue usefulness reading a lot
in They believe that need childhood opinion. say not to
to you say right make a There sure in important
pupils. argue In Holidays the So devote and reading useful
summer. that have read pupils enjoy against it knowledge wrong.
these actions can that is pupils lot There on making
Some say that a children reading during own should Like
