The art is a very important component of everyone's lives,
even though people often do not notice it. Some people
think that one of the authorities' top priorities should be
investing in the art. Whereas others believe that the art
is not the most important thing to provide funding for
and it is better to invest in science. As far
as I am concerned, government should definitely invest in the
art. First of all, bigger funding would be a great
help for education. For example, schools of art often do
not have enough money to provide students with the necessary
equipment, so extra funding would help to solve this problem.
Moreover, investing in the art would give talented people more
opportunities to grow professionally. Thanks to the extra money, there
would be more exhibitions or concerts where artistic people would
be able to show their works and talents. However, some
people have a different opinion. They claim that funding for
the art is unnecessary as long as the government has
other problems to solve. Their idea is that authorities should
invest in science in order to give people more “practical”
education and get new inventions to solve ecological, economical and
other problems. I do not agree with the opposing ideas.
Even though the government has many unsolved problems, it should
not forget about the art because it is something that
can make people happier and more satisfied with their lives.
In conclusion, I would like to stress that authorities should
invest in the art because it is an essential part
of everyone's lives. The changes that people have caused to
the ecology, especially climate, are drastic. Some people think that
man-made change of climate puts the whole civilization at risk.
Whereas, others believe that this change is not very dangerous
and it is possible to solve this problem. As far
as I am concerned, man-made climate change is a huge
threat to humanity. Firstly, a lot of cities can be
flooded because of a man-made climate change. The global warming
causes the ice to melt which leads to the rise
of the ocean levels, so it poses a threat to
a cities located on the seaside. Moreover, climate change affects
human's body in a drastic way. Bigger and bigger amount
of sun radiation reaches the ground because of the ozone
depletion. Unfortunately, radiation can cause severe diseases, including cancer. However,
other people have a different point of view. According to
their opinion, the problem of man-made climate change can be
easily solved in the nearest future. There is a fast
development of high technologies that can slow down and even
stop the climate change. I do not agree with the
opposing ideas, I think that climate change is extremely dangerous
and it is impossible to stop it. It has terrible
consequences, for example, the sources of fresh water dry out
because of climate change. Lack of fresh water can be
a real problem for humanity. In conclusion, I would like
to emphasize that man-made climate change is a threat. People
should take action in order to avoid its terrible effects.
Some people think, that sport unites people, while the others
think, that it is definitely not right. So, it is
a great topic to disquss. As for me, I believe
that sport can not work in the bad side, only
in the good side of our life. Because it is
a great way to spent time together, side by side.
Also, I think, that with the help of sport you
can meet new friends. Besides, I am convinced that if
you and your friend have the same sport activity, you
become more closer. Nevertheless, some people believe that sport make
people very nervous and exousted. More than that they think
that sport is just a waste of time. I do
not fully agree with that, because sport help people to
relax physically and mentally. Also, sport is the best thing
for time spending for your and your family, because there
are a lot of different kinds of sport which specially
were made for family In conclusion, I would like to
say that sport is great thing, that allows us to
spend our time not only just for fun and joy,
but also for our good health and our happy future.
There are a lot of professions in the world. There
are two opposite points of view on professions. Some people
think that there are no special professions for women and
men, while other people don't think so. Who is right?
In my opinion, in the world no women's and men's
professions. Firstly, I would like to stress that after the
second world war some women had to work, because men
go to the wor. For example, there are a lot
of women drivers in the world. Secondly, a lot of
women and men want to do their lovely work. As
a result we can find a lot of policewomen and
business-ladies or we can see a lot of men interested
in fashion. We can find that the best modeliers are
men. Finally, the most universal professions are teachers and doctors
professions. We can see a lot of men and women
teachers at school and a lot of men and women
in the hospitals. Nevertheless, some people considering this problem from
another angle think that there are women's and men's professions.
According to them, women cannot be drivers and men cannot
be modeliers. I totally disagree with this opinion, because I
know that some women drivers are more professional than some
men drivers. In conclusion, I can say that although some
people think that there are specially women's and men's professions,
I still believe that people must do what they like,
no matter what is profession. Our science have changed every
year. Nowadays a lot of money is spent on space
exploration projects. Many people think that it is not right
because this money should be used to solve problems on
Earth. Let's consider both views on this issue. In my
opinion, space exploration is very importand for us because we
must know more about universal, planets, stars and meteorits. Scientists
haven't already know all about of them and if they
are dangerous for us. Secondly, when scientists studied the sun
they discovered new chemestry elements for example gelius. Also when
they study the sun they study how our healthe depends
from it. Thirdly, we can travel on space and see
Earth from space-ship. People spend a lot of money for
this traveling so they give this money for new discovers.
On the other hand, some people who think that space
exploration it is a waste of time and money because
this money can help people who have very dangerous illnesses.
Secondly, goverment can helps spend this money on our education.
They can buy new equipmen for school. Thirdly, this money
can be used for helping poor countries and people who
live in them. This money can help to make their
life better. In conchesion, I would like to say that
it's better to spend money on space exploration because in
future people will live in space. Nowadays a lot of
people spend their money on new projects or researches. For
example billions of dollars are spent on space exploration projects
every year. I think it is not right. Our Earth
needs some helpness from goverments from different countries. People have
a lot of problems in medicine. We have illnesses like
cancer with which people don't know how to fight We
will know everything about spaces, but nothing about our health,
our life on Earth. Is that right? No, I think.
We should take care about each other and our goverment
should spend money on people, on life's troubles. Government should
spend money on our grandmothers and grandfathers, take care about
nature, because we have problems with atmosphere. We know about
pollution but we don't want to find the solution about
this problem. We should take care about our animals who
are in danger. We should take care about poverty, we
shall think about it. A lot of people need our
help, our money, because they don't have something to eat.
We should think about children, whose parents denyed from them
when they were born. They are lonely and need our
help. To sum up I think that we can spend
our money on new projects but we should remember one
rule “we are people and we need each other. We
need help from each other”. Some people prefer reading books,
but other people think that it better to watch film
version. For my mind, this problem is very actuality today,
because there are many good books and interesting films were
shot by this books. I think, that people should read
books and after that watch film versions of this books.
For me, this is the right way. There are many
bad films. And if you do not read the book,
you will have a wrong opinion about this piace of
art. But it is not right! For me, if you
read a book, you become more clever, more wiser. When
you read your brain is working. When you read, you
can know what a writer thiks, when he writes this
book. And this is very mainly when you are reading.
But when you watch television or book's film version you
become stupid, I think. Your brain does not work so
hard, because it is more easier to watch the film
then to read a book. In conclusion I want to
say that people should read books. And after that if
they want, they should watch this film. But reading books
it is necessary, for my mind. Nowadays, many people have
a choice either to read a book, or just see
a movie version of it. But do films give the
same impression and emotions? Is there any difference between reading
and watching? From my point of view, nothing in the
world can possibly compare to the book, although now there
are such strong competitors as the Internet and TV… But
only with the help of the book you see everything,
every emotion, every event, every detail. Due to the budget
and standart length of films, directors are just unable to
put all the scenes in to it, so we lose
important information. Moreover, you can always take your book with
you, read it on your way to work or just
keep it in your home library. However other people think,
that reading is a waste of time. Futher more, many
of those are sure, that it's pointless to read, when
there is a perfect chance of watching, but may be
it's just their lazy bones. To sum up, I would
say, that yes, books might be losing their priority and
status but they will always remain a good friend of
yours and perfect source of information. But it will always
be everyone's personal choice whether to read or not. Books
or their screened versions? It seems that this question began
to trouble people as soon as television appeared. Starting from
that time, people had divided into two groupes: those who
enjoy reading and those who enjoy watching film versions. Speaking
about me, I'd rather read a book. Firstly, reading books
is the oldest activity. Therefore, when I open a book,
I feel connected to history, dive into the past, whereas
watching a film takes me nowhere. Secondly, while reading, I
get pleasure out of crispy paper and smell of a
book, when a film has none of these qualities. Finally,
authors always leave something to think about to their readers,
to use our imagination. Alternatively, there are people who prefer
watching films based on famous books. I understand them partially.
In the beginning, those films are always abridged. It means
that some parts of the text are omitted, which ends
up in the loss of the zest of the original
work. Furthermore, a film is directed by a different person,
so it is another piece of work with its own
notions, purposes and impressions. Lastly, people, who go to a
cinema to watch a best-seller based on an excellent book,
don't stand a chance to stop it and pay attention
to the facts they've missed, while readers may have a
break and get back to each moment they firstly ignored.
To sum up, this disagreement is endless. Each person should
decide for himself whether to choose a film or a
book. Nowadays, children of 15-16 years old have an opportunity
to choose their career path. But can they make a
choice that will lead them to a successful life? To
my mind, an early choice of a career is not
always the best one. Firstly, not everyone knows what they
want to do for the rest of their life in
such a young age. Choosing your future job is an
important step and you should not be in hurry with
that. Secondly, if you choose a kind of a job
that you don't like you will be miserable and unhappy
your whole life. On the other hand, if you choose
a future career at a young age you will have
a clearer image of your future life. Moreover, you will
have plenty of time to prepare to university exams. But
I still believe that young people should not hurry while
choosing their career path. Because it is important to know
all the aspects of your future job and not only
see the good side of it. Taking into consideration everything
said above I may conqlude that the problem of choosing
a career path is far from solving yet. There are
several opinions. Any of which has its right to exist.
Anyway, I believe that only well-thought choice can lead to
success. Nowadays some people believe that if you want to
be successful in the future then you need to chose
your career when you are young. However, others say that
you will be able to make a good choice of
a career only when you will be older. In my
opinion, an early choice of a career is a good
way to be successful in life. Firstly, you will have
a lot of time to prepare for exams which you
will need for your future career. You will get high
points and then you can go to university and get
good education. Secondly, if you will make an early choice
you will learn more and more about your profession, so
that will be helpful for you and you will find
work without any problems. However, others sure that you able
to decide what kind of profession you should chose only
when you will get older. They think that when you
are young you can not know where do you want
to work and what you will like in the future.
But I do not agree with this point of view
because we can see a lot of successful people who
achieved many goals because of early choice. All in all,
I would like to say that when you are young
you should think about your future career because it will
be helpful for you to find right job and to
be well paid in the future. People are different in
nature. Some take things that happen to them too close
to their hearts and get stress with which it is
very difficult for them to fight. Other people with strong
nature try to overcome the difficulties with which they can
forget their problems finding a very useful occupation. One of
these occupations is going in for sports. I suppose sports
can help people greatly. When they go in for sports
they stop thinking about bad things and starts thinking about
their health, getting good results they have no time for
stress and gried. The first group of people thinks that
it's no use spending time with their relatives and friends.
They start visiting night clubs, drink alcohol and even use
drugs in order to forget the problems. But I that
only sports helps people fight stress, bad mood and depression.
People who are in good sports form can fight with
unesses too. Sport can help people find really good friends
and have healthy way to life. There are practically no
drug wery heavy smokers and drunkers among the sportsmen. In
conclusion I can say that sports is really important in
fighting stress, It is very important in our life and
I enjoy people who go in for sports. It is
a generally accepted fact that stress plays an important role
in our life. A lot of people hold the opinion
that sports help to fight stress. Nevertheless others contradict them
by saying that there are others ways to fight stress.
And I will give my point of view on this
issue. As far as I am concerned there are a
lot of ways to fight stress. The first thing that
need to be said hobbies help people do not think
about their problems. Another argument is that doctors help people
giving them good advices. And finally medicine that people can
buy everywhere. However there are people who think on the
contrary/ In their mind sport is the best way to
fight stress, because people can concentrate only on sport and
do not think about their problem. What is more sport
help to find new power inside people to fight stress.
It may be true, but I cannot agree with the
opposing idea completely as I strongly believe that people will
use more comfortable and strongless ways to fight stress. To
draw a conclusion I would like to stress that ‘'so
many men, so many minds'' , but I firmly stick
to my understanding of the problem in the written above
essay. There are two opposite points of view on friendship.Some
people are sure that for all your life you can
have only one true friend.Others,on the contrary,argue that you can
have many true friends.I would like to express my point
of view on this problem. It seems to me,you can
have more true friends than one.Here are some arguments which
support my point of view.To begin with, usually friends are
people with the same interests.In the world there are a
lot of people with the same tastes as you so
there can be many close friends.Furthermore,a group of close friends
may consist of your family and this is a few
people. There are people with a different point of view.They
argue that everyone can have only one friend.The most obvious
argument is people can't share their life with others.They think
that their friends can spread the secrets. I am absolutely
sure that these people are wrong.People that can spread your
secrets are not your friends,they are not loyal.You should find
friends better. In conclusion,I would like to underline that you
can have many friends which support you and will be
loyal.The main thing is to be able to be friends
with good people and to be a good friend to
them. It is common knowledge that every school has a
summer reading of school literature. Some people believe that students
have too much to read in the summer and it
is not necessary to read so much. However, some people
have a different vision of the situation and are sure
that they should read a lot in summer. In my
point of view, pupils should spend their summer holidays with
benefit and reading helps them. To begin with reading improves
student's memory, vocabulary and broadens the pupil's mind. Also, the
teacher gives these books to pupils that will be discussed
at school next year and they help them to prepare
the knowing of the plot and characters. However, some people
advocate an opposing opinion and explain the situation differently. They
sure that students should not read so many books at
summer holidays and they should take a rest. Firstly, most
of the students cannot read all the books from the
list. Secondly, students forget the plot, names, description because of
the long time period. Nevertheless, I do not quite share
this position. In my opinion, reading is the most important
part in our life and it helps to develop us
and it helps to create our world view. Also, it
can become a good habit for students. In conclusion, I
would like to say that reading is very beneficial for
kids. I think it is not wrong to make pupils
read a lot in summer. It is common knowledge that
there are a lot of types of studying. Some people
say that the distance education is the type of studying.
However, some people have a different vision of the situation
and are sure that the traditional way of learning is
still the best. In my opinion, is a great alternative
to classic lessons and it has a lot of advantages.
Firstly, you can have your own schedule when you have
to pass all the exams and tests. It is rather
convenient than traditional studying. Secondly, distance learning is easy to
get as you do not have to go somewhere and
spend a lot of time for the road. Moreover, if
you have health diseases distance learning is a great option
for a person. However, some people advocate an opposing opinion
and explain the situation differently. They might say that a
traditional form of studying is better than distance learning and
it has a lot of disadvantages. Firstly, the quality of
distance is really low as technologies are not still developed
and are unable to teach students at a distance. Secondly,
people are not so concentrated and are too relaxed while
studying at home. Nevertheless, I do not quite share this
position. As I see it, it is easier to analyze
information and to learn something when you are relaxed and
there is nothing interrupts you. In conclusion, this issue will
forever remain debatable. Still, I think that the distance learning
is the best form of learning and it gives a
lot of possibilities. It is common knowledge that there are
a lot of types of studying. Some people say that
the distance education is the type of studying. However, some
people have a different vision of the situation and are
sure that the traditional way of learning is still the
best. In my opinion, is a great alternative to classic
lessons and it has a lot of advantages. Firstly, you
can have your own schedule when you have to pass
all the exams and tests. It is rather convenient than
traditional studying. Secondly, distance learning is easy to get as
you do not have to go somewhere and spend a
lot of time for the road. Moreover, if you have
health diseases distance learning is a great option for a
person. However, some people advocate an opposing opinion and explain
the situation differently. They might say that a traditional form
of studying is better than distance learning and it has
a lot of disadvantages. Firstly, the quality of distance is
really low as technologies are not still developed and are
unable to teach students at a distance. Secondly, people are
not so concentrated and are too relaxed while studying at
home. Nevertheless, I do not quite share this position. As
I see it, it is easier to analyze information and
to learn something when you are relaxed and there is
nothing interrupts you. In conclusion, this issue will forever remain
debatable. Still, I think that the distance learning is the
best form of learning and it gives a lot of
possibilities. Nowadays some teachers and parents make children to read
in summer. There are different points of view on this
topic. Some people are sure that reading in summer is
important aspect for pupils. Some others argue that there is
no necessity to read a lot during Holidays. In my
opinion, it is right to make pupils read in a
lot in summer. Firstly, summer Holidays are the longest pupils'
Holidays. So it is special and rare time when children
can devote for education and development. Secondly, the fact of
reading imports our speech. And grammatically correct speech can be
useful for future carrier. However, some people argue against usefulness
of reading a lot in summer. They claim that children
do not have to read a lot in Holidays. They
believe that pupils need do enjoy their childhood till they
can. I am strongly against this opinion. People who say
that it is not necessary to get knowledge in summer
are absolutely wrong. Thank to these actions you can calmly
enjoy your future life. In conclusion I'd like to say
that it is right to make pupils read a lot
in summer. Nowadays some teachers and parents make children to
read in summer. There are different points of view on
this topic. Some people are sure that reading in summer
is important aspect for pupils. Some others argue that there
is no necessity to read a lot during Holidays. In
my opinion, it is right to make pupils read in
a lot in summer. Firstly, summer Holidays are the longest
pupils' Holidays. So it is special and rare time when
children can devote for education and development. Secondly, the fact
of reading imports our speech. And grammatically correct speech can
be useful for future carrier. However, some people argue against
usefulness of reading a lot in summer. They claim that
children do not have to read a lot in Holidays.
They believe that pupils need do enjoy their childhood till
they can. I am strongly against this opinion. People who
say that it is not necessary to get knowledge in
summer are absolutely wrong. Thank to these actions you can
calmly enjoy your future life. In conclusion I'd like to
say that it is right to make pupils read a
lot in summer. There are two different opinions on making
pupils read on their Holidays. Some people say it is
not right. Others, in the contrary, say that reading a
lot of literature indicates and improves brain. I believe, it
is wrong to make pupils read a lot in summer.
To begin with, children do not always have an opportunity
to spend hours reading during the Holidays. They might have
their own plans, for example, traveling or even self-educating. Besides,
kids should be able to decide if they are interested
in reading or not. Some of them might be into
more creative things to do. Like drawing or playing different
instruments. However, there are people who argue that is very
important to make pupils read literature while they are out
of school. For example, reading books enlightens and improves child's
brain, that makes them more ready for upcoming school year.
I strongly disagree with this opinion because books are not
the only thing in the world what does not let
a kid's fair had become blunt. All in all, making
pupils spend their free time on reading tons of mostly
boring books is completely wrong. There are two different opinions
on distance learning. Some people say it is the best
way to study. Others, On the contrary, say it is
impractical. I'd like to express my point of view on
this problem. In my opinion, distance education is a really
great way to study. To begin with, educating at home
gives you time advantage. That means to complete a task
you do not have to spend so much time to
look decent for going to school, so you can start
studying right away. Besides, people who are more comfortable to
work alone then in a classroom full of people take
a great advantage out of distance studying because they are
able to learn something in a right way for themselves.
However, there are people who oppose. They are sure that
studying on the distance is not so practical as some
of us believe. For instance, some students might not take
this kind of medication seriously, so they will not do
tasks even more often when if they do it at
school. I strongly disagree with this point of view because
if a person is interested in getting an education and
good grades they will not just let it go and
distance education system does not depend on it. All in
all, distance learning might not be the best but actually
is a great form of education. There are two opposite
opinions on whether live in a megapolis has much more
bed sides then good sides. Some people believe that life
in a big city is the best life ever. Others,
оn the contrary, are sure that living in a mega
Polis brings more problems than positive things. I personally Consider
that there are more advantages then disadvantages in living in
a big city. Here are some arguments that support my
point of view. Firstly, you can find an apartment that
Suits you as there are hundreds of alternatives. Secondly, it
is easier to get the job you want because of
the variety of city professions. Thirdly, there are much more
entertainments and places to visit in a big city. nevertheless,
some people think differently. According to them, living in a
mega Polis has more disadvantages then advantages. To begin with,
the air is poluted and the environment is not healthy
at all. Apart from this, you never get peace and
quiet in a big city. I cannot agree with the
opponents of my idea. in my opinion, the environment in
the city is quite healthy is there are a lot
of trees, parks and machines that keep the area fresh
and clean. All in all , there are indeed two
opposite opinions on this problem . Taking everything said above
into consideration I still strongly believe but there are more
advantages then disadvantages in living in a big city. Some
people are sure that the best way to get education
is to study remotely. Others, On the contrary, say that
is better to go to school. In my opinion, distance
learning is the best form of education. First of all,
if you study remotely you can be anywhere and there
is no need to interrupt medication. Besides, studying remotely allows
to make comfortable atmosphere which will help you to be
productive. Moreover, if you do not have to go to
school you will not carry a heavy bag. Some people
who disagree with my point of view saying that is
better to go to school to get education. They are
sure that school has special atmosphere that is not anywhere
else. More than that they say that while studying at
school your friends always can help you. I totally disagree
with them because even at home it is possible to
create an atmosphere that will motivate you for studying. Besides,
at school Vera a lot of people and of course
they can help you but they also can distract you.
To sum up, I would like to say that there
are different forms of getting but I believe that distance
learning is the best form of education. There are two
opposite opinions on whether online education is the best form
of education. Some people are sure but learning from home
is the most convenient way of studying. Others On the
contrary argue that there is nothing better than being educated
at school. I personally consider that distance learning is the
best form of education. Here are some arguments that support
my idea. Firstly, it is very comfortable and cozy to
stay in your own room while studying. Secondly students are
able to make the schedule suitable for them. Thirdly you
do not have to wait for others to finish the
same work and you can take the time you need
to learn the subject. Nevertheless, there are those who opposite
my point of view. According to them going to school
is the best way to get education. To start with
students are obliged to learn the program so they cannot
miss anything. In addition, do this school schedule is the
most thought-out schedule. I cannot agree with the opponents of
my idea. In my opinion the best schedule for students
is the one they make themselves which is mostly convenient
for distance learning. All in all, there are indeed two
points of view on whether distance learning is the best
form of education. And everything said above into consideration i
still strongly believe that online study is the most convenient
way to be educated. Nowadays pupils and students use the
distance way of education .There are different points of view
on this topic .Some people are sure that it is
the best learning .Some others argue that it is much
better to go to school and University and then have
distance learning . In my opinion distance learning is the
best form of education. Firstly, it is very convenient for
everybody. As you do not have to leave your home.
Secondly, you have more free time. So you can calmly
prepare for exams and anything else. So improve our results
and knowledge. however, some people are against usefulness of distance.
They claim that lose the ability of communication with each
other and become asocial. And this fact badly affects our
society. I am strongly against this opinion who say that
we are becoming asocial are absolutely wrong. because distance learning
also implies video calling. Thanks to it we can see
each other and talk. In conclusion I would like to
say that distance learning is really the best form of
education. And that way makes education move convenient and effective.
There are two opposite points of view on distance education.
Some people are sure that it is a good example
how we can study. Others On the contrary argue that
there are a lot of disadvantages buy this field. I'd
like to express my point of view on this problem
. I am strongly Convinced the distance learning is the
best form of education. First of all, you can at
any time and at any place get an opportunity to
study and learn something new. Secondly you can get enough
sleep and also go about your business hobbies and so
on. However, some people think differently. They are sure distance
in education Noticeably worseus its quality. However when you stay
at home you do not go anywhere and it can
be a problem for you as you rarely see friends
.Besides not everyone has the ability access there Internet someone
does not even have a computer at home . I
am absolutely sure that they are wrong because we leave
at 21 century where everywhere there is the possibility of
access to the Internet. You can also see friends maybe
on Skype so that you differently will not stay alone.
In conclusion I would like to say the distance learning
is the best way to educate. There is a lot
of advantages. it is more conveniently then a simple learning.
There are two opposite points of view on distance education.
Some people are sure that it is a good example
how we can study. Others On the contrary argue that
there are a lot of disadvantages buy this field. I'd
like to express my point of view on this problem
. I am strongly Convinced the distance learning is the
best form of education. First of all, you can at
any time and at any place get an opportunity to
study and learn something new. Secondly you can get enough
sleep and also go about your business hobbies and so
on. However, some people think differently. They are sure distance
in education Noticeably worseus its quality. However when you stay
at home you do not go anywhere and it can
be a problem for you as you rarely see friends
.Besides not everyone has the ability access there Internet someone
does not even have a computer at home . I
am absolutely sure that they are wrong because we leave
at 21 century where everywhere there is the possibility of
access to the Internet. You can also see friends maybe
on Skype so that you differently will not stay alone.
In conclusion I would like to say the distance learning
is the best way to educate. There is a lot
of advantages. it is more conveniently then a simple learning.
There are two opposite opinions on whether among old people
we call friends there is only one real friend or
whether there are more. Some people are sure that there
is can only one actual sincere friend in your life
.Others believe that one can have many truly devoted friends
. I personally consider that you can have more than
one true friend. Firstly, you met so many people in
your life that it is simple to find two or
three real friends among them. Secondly, all of us are
different but many of us are sincere and honest which
means that there is no reason why there must be
only one true friend. Thirdly, there are many beautiful people
in the world the only question is whether you find
them or not. Nevertheless, there are those who what was
my idea. According to them you can find only one
true friend. To start with it is hard to find
a person with gentle interest and good intentions. Besides, you
can only once if ever be lucky enough to find
real friend. I cannot agree with that opposers of my
opinion. To my mind it is not that hard to
find such person if you are sociable and open to
others. Oh no there are indeed two opposite opinions on
this question. Taking everything said above into consideration I still
strongly believe that there can be more than one true
friend in your life. There are two different opinions on
heaven true friends . Some people say the person can
only have one faithful friend. Others on the contrary argue
there can be more of them. In my opinion a
person can have several true friends. To begin with you
can communicate with a great amount of people ,share interests
with them and consequently there is a big chance to
find people you can trust and who will support you
love you and no matter what . In addition, you
can be sure that those friends will not betray or
abuse you which means the what quantity of friends does
not depend on how good and faithful they are. However,
there are people who oppose they believe a true friend
for us exists only in one kind. It Is difficult
to find someone to fully understand you a person you
are completely sure in and the one you can unconditionally
trust? I totally disagree with this opinion because even if
it is hard to find at least one true friend
it happens and happens quite often. So, the possibility of
some number of people being one's through friends is actually
big. All in all, true friends can be presented in
all amount of a few and not only one person
can play this role in your life. There are two
opposite points of view on summer reading . Some people
are sure that it is necessary task to make pupils
read a lot. Others, on the contrary, argue that it
is unacceptable to set a large amount of literature for
the summer. I strongly believe to make pupils read a
lot of books is great opportunity. First of all, obligatory
reading is the part of educational process which tissue responsibility
to read all books from their list. Secondly on the
summer weekend most of pupils have a lot of free
time maybe some of them are bored then the book
comes to rescue. Thirdly the process of reading develops clear
thinking and imagination. However, some people think differently. They are
sure that most of students cannot manage to read all
the books from the list. Moreover, pupils forgot the plot
names description and can barely recall anything. Besides the book's
content is usually different from personal preferences. That it is
difficult to read that you do not like. I cannot
totally agree with this point of view because if you
spend summer how you want you can get really lazy
fall behind in your studies. In addition, books develop our
minds and also add to our vocabulary. To sum up
I think pupils have to read a lot in summer
this has a beneficial effect on their development. Reading books
will never be Superfluous. There are two opposite points of
view on whether distance learning is the greatest way of
studying. Some people are sure that distance learning is the
number one, while others think that distance learning is not
top way of studying. I would like to express my
point of view on this problem. I am strongly convinced
that distance learning is not the best form of education.
To begin with, not everyone has the opportunity to study
remotely. For example, someone can have a bad internet connection
and due to this video lessons may freeze. Moreover, live
communication cannot be replaced by the Internet. Technology cannot replace
the value of living human communication. However, there is another
point of view on this issue. Opponents of my view
say that distance learning is the best form of education.
The reason is it saves time. Not everyone lives enough
close to school and because of it they need a
lot of time to get to it. Nevertheless I cannot
agree with the opposite opinion. I am sure that time
does not greatly affect learning. In conclusion there are two
points of view on this issue. I am strongly feel
that distance learning is not the greatest way of studying.
There are two opposite points of view on whether pupils
should be made read a lot in summer . Some
people are sure that teachers must make students read hard
in summer until others think it is wrong to force
pupils read lots of books in summer Holidays. I would
like to express my point of view on this problem.
I am strongly convinced that it is good to make
pupils read a lot in summer. To begin with it
helps them to pass their exams. Students may not be
aware of this but every book that they read increases
their test result. Moreover, summer reading can reduce workload during
school year. If a student read the book in the
summer when he will only need 2 remember same points
for the book during the school year. However, there is
another point of view on this Issue. Opponents of my
view say that it is wrong to make pupils read
a lot in summer. The reason is summer Holidays are
the time to relax. Children want to spend a lot
of time outdoors playing games. Nevertheless I cannot agree with
the opposite opinion. I am sure that's reading does not
take much Time. Children can read at least one hour
a day and it will not harm their relaxation. In
conclusion there are two points of view on this issue.
I strongly feel that teachers must make children to read
in summer Holidays. Nowadays pupils are forced to read a
lot of literature for summer but most of them think
it is wrong. In my opinion, it is necessary to
read in summer. To begin with, reading makes us think
wider and expands our horizons. Furthermore , reading helps to
remember the right spelling of the words and improve the
vocabulary. Finally, reading improves not only literacy but also speech
skills. On the other hand, some people think that it
is wrong to make children read during their holidays. They
think pupils should relax. To their mind, it is better
to communicate and play with their friends than to read
boring books. I don't agree with these people. Not every
book is so boring as children think and more over
reading helps relive stress. To sum up, I'd like to
say reading is useful for children. People who are read
a lot is more interesting companions and they can support
any conversation. In the modern world, people try to make
life easierand more convenient. Based on this, a few decades
ago genetically-modified food was invented. Now some people believe that
the development of this type of food must be discontinued,
whereas other people think that GMO products are humanity's future,
so they should not be banned. As far as I
am concerned, people and companies must stop making genetically-modified food
and governments should contribute to this. Firstly, It is proven
by scientific studies that GMO foods contain substances that may
cause diseases and even death to some kinds of species,
even including humans. For instance, mice and butterflies cannot survive
with these foods. Secondly, genetically modified foods can pose significant
allergy risks to people. It is caused by the fact
that people give chickens, cows and other animals special antibiotics
and hormones which are harmful to humans. But there is
another point of view. According to it, GMO products are
too easy to produce, so there is no need to
ban them. For example, it is much easier to raise
GMO crops because all of their examples have a stronger
ability to resist pests. I do not agree with the
opposing opinion because «easier» does not mean «better». Scientists have
already confirmed that GMO food is harmful to people and
animals because of several kinds of substances that are not
yet proven to be safe. In conclusion, I would like
to stress that genetically-modified food is very dangerous, so the
production of this type of food must be officially stopped.
In the modern world, people influence the weather more and
more. For instance,people's intervention in natural phenomena leads to serious
climate change. Based on this, some people believe that humans
are destroying the planet in the whole and personally themselves
by changing climate, whereas other people think that man-made climate
change does not affect anything and such things as global
warming are just natural phenomena. As far as I am
concerned, man-made climate change is very dangerous to people. Firstly,
every factory (built by humans) in the world emits gases
and toxins, which cause global warming which, in turn, poses
a threat to everyone's life. For example, the temperature in
Africa is very hot in itself, but global warming will
kill everyone who lives on this continent. In addition to
this, high temperature kills fish and other animals, so people
are got less and less food every day. But there
is another point of view. According to it, man-madechanging of
climate does not affect anything. The temperature on the planet
itself rises once a thousand years. It is just nature.
I do not agree with the opposing opinion because scientists
have already proved that people truly affect the planet's climatebadly
by cuttingdown trees and building new factories. In conclusion, I
would like to stress that humanity creates problems for itself
by changing the climate, so everyone must think about possible
terrible future before it is too late. In the modern
world, the cinematography is the most popular way to relax
and get positive emotions. Based on this, some people believe
that a person, who wants to see a movie, must
check reviews before going to a cinema, whereas other people
think that it is not a necessity at all. As
far as I am concerned, filmgoers do not have to
read reviews before watching a film. Firstly, every review is
always judgmental. Everyone has their own point of view, so
critics' opinion does not always match ordinary viewers' opinion. Secondly,
some critics are too serious about films: they look for
mistakes in script, editing, directing, acting and so on too
intentionally. Some films are just so bad, that they are
even loved by millions (For instance, the movie «The Room»
is sohilariously terrible, that people are still enjoying it). Sometimes
critics do not understand this fact. But there is another
point of view. According to it, reviews must be checked
by every filmgoer. The adherents of this theory think thatthe
majority opinion is the true one, so reviews can save
people money and time. I do not agree with the
opposing opinion. If a film has a billion bad reviews,
there is still a chance that this film will be
loved by someone. In conclusion, I would like to stress
that reviews are not so important. It is always better
to form an opinion than listening to someone's one. There
is a saying, «you live and learn». Some people use
it to stress that education is significant for each person,
but others argue that learning new things is not vitally
important. In this essay, I would like to express my
point of view on this issue. As far as I
am concerned, education is as valuable nowadays as it has
never been before. For example, applying for most of the
places people should be good specialists with high qualifications. That
is the first reason for the spreading of the global
educational cult: students all around the world try hard, specialists
get extra qualifications, elderly people study something they did not
know before. Thus, education becomes more and more important.Also, education
helps people to express themselves. They can start appreciating art
or even doing it themselves after they finish studying. However,
there is another point of view claiming that the importance
of education is overrated. They say that there are many
successful people without any diploma or degree.For instance, some founders
of successful companies had finished high school only, but they
earn more money than some people with degrees. I do
not agree with the above ideas, because it all is
not about money. Also, it is not necessary to receive
a degree. But if a person does not learn anything
at all, the person starts degrading and forgetting important things.
So, people cannot live normally without learning anything new. In
conclusion, I would like to stress that education is the
most important element of each person's life. Thus, people need
to educate themselves all the time to live normal lives.
People have been making a negative influence on ecology for
ages. Some people say that climate change is dreadful for
the human population, others argue that it is not such
bad. In this essay, I would like to express my
point of view on this issue. As far as I
am concerned, climate change is a huge problem nowadays. The
average Earth temperature has raised for 5Celcius degrees since 1800.
Also, Antarctic ice is melting and the ocean level is
rising. Thus, more and more landsides drown into the water.
Those people who live on the coastline can lose their
homes. Not to say about animals many of which have
already lost their natural habitats. However, there is another point
of view claiming that climate change cannot do anything to
humanity. Many people say that even if there will be
global deserting or the new ice age they will continue
living their lives. I do not agree with the above
ideas because even those changes which we see now affect
people's health. For instance, ozone holes are the reason for
skin cancer many people die to. So, climate change is
already killing humans. In conclusion, I would like to stress
thatman-made climate change poses a real threat to human life
and now anyone can deny it. We all live in
a society where it is pretty common that unrelated people
live very close to each other. Some people think that
neighbours are some of the most important people in one's
life, others argue that friends and family are more valuable.
In this essay, I would like to express my point
of view on this issue. As far as I am
concerned, relatives are the most important people in a person's
life. Some close friends also may be as significant as
family members. Firstly, they both are worried about all the
things happening with their dearest people. Secondly, they take care
and wish only the best to each other. Thus, they
may seem the closest people. However, there is another point
of view claiming that neighbours are more important. For instance,
they are close when an emergency appears. Also, good and
warm relationship with them makes the community spirit better. I
do not agree with the above ideas because neighbours may
be rude or unfriendly. Also, sometimes they do not want
to communicate, care only about themselves and are self-cautious. Neighbours
are not the people who pay attention to each other's
problems. Thus, they cannot be more significant than friends and
family. In conclusion, I would like to stress that close
friends and relatives are the most important people in a
person's life because they are the ones who are interested
in it as nobody else. English has become the most
popular language to learn nowadays. Some people say that it
is overrated, while others argue that learning English is significant
in the modern world. In this essay, I would like
to express my point of view on this issue. As
far as I am concerned, English is an international language,
and many people all around the world use it on
an everyday basis. Also, it is a language of art
and culture. Lots of films, musicals, books, songs create in
English. So, a person who is interested in arts can
consume content in the language of the original, in the
most enjoying way. However, there is another point of view
claiming that people overemphasize it. For example, with this obsession
with English, many of them forget about other beautiful languages,
such as French which is actively used in arts, too.
I do not agree with the above ideas because even
with the overwhelming popularity of English people continue learning other
languages. Moreover, in many cases English background helps to acquire
new languages. Thus, there is no reason to distress. In
conclusion, I would like to stress that people pay not
too much attention to learning English nowadays. They do a
good job and educate themselves, which is undoubtedly amazing. Sports
are quite popular nowadays. Some people say that team sports
are more helpful in building a character, others argue that
individual sports are also significant in this process. In this
essay, I would like to express my point of view
on this issue. As far as I am concerned, team
sports make people more responsible for all their actions because
doing something incorrectly they may let their team down. Also,
in team sports, a person learns how to communicate with
others and take leadership. Thus, group sports makes a person
more confident through responsibilities and leading. However, there is another
point of view claiming that individual sports can build strong
character, too. For instance, a competition of individual sportsmen may
be much more difficult because each of the competitors wants
to win and does everything to make it possible. I
do not agree with the above ideas because team sports
teach people to take care of others, while individual ones
make them egoistic. In my opinion, egoism demonstrates a lack
of character strength. So, individual sports cannot develop such a
strong personality as team sports do. In conclusion, I would
like to stress that team sports are more significant because
they help people develop a stronger character than individual sports
do and it is undeniable. There are many genetically-modified products
nowadays. Some people say that they should be prohibited, while
others argue that there is nothing bad in these foods.
In this essay, I would like to express my point
of view on this issue. As far as I am
concerned, genetical modifications help farmers to protect their harvest from
insects and weather. If they would not use genetical technologies,
they would have lost a huge amount of their products
each time or have to use chemicals and pesticides. Also,
genetically-modified foods do not harm people's health as, for example,
many pesticides do. However, there is another point of view
claiming that if someone eats a lot of genetically-modified products,
this person may become physically ill. For instance, start to
suffer from cancer. I do not agree with the above
ideas, because actually, this may happen due to usage of
chemically-fertilised foods, not genetically-modified. Thus, genetical modifications are just the
saver way to improve the quality of the harvest. In
conclusion, I would like to stress that there is nothing
bad in genetical technologies, so, the production and sale of
genetically-modified food must not be banned. Some people believe that
person should spend a lot of attention to learn English.
Whereas others think that knowledge of the English language is
not very important in these days. As far as I
am concerned people pay too much attention to learning English
nowadays. Firstly, this is necessary for people who want to
communicate with foreigners. Many foreigners know English because it is
an international language. Secondly, it helps in the work. If
a person works with foreigners, he need to know English.
On the other hand, other people believe that skills of
English are not important. They believe that it is much
more important to know Chinese, for example. There are a
lot of Chinese people now, they have a great influence
in all spheres of life. I do not agree with
the above idea because knowledge of the English language is
very important. In developed countries such as the United States,
great Britain, Australia, and others, it is English that is
spoken. In conclusion, I would like to stress that people
pay too much attention to learning English nowadays because it
is very important for people who want to work and
communicate with foreigners. There are a lot of products grown
using GMOs these days. Some people believe that GMO products
must be forbidden. Whereas others think that GMO products can
be sold. As far as I am concerned the production
and sale of GMO products should be banned. Firstly, this
is very dangerous for everyone's health. Because of the use
of products with GMOs, cancer can develop. Secondly, genetically modified
food affect the human immune system. People who eat GMO
foods have a bad immune system and often get sick
with various viral infections. On the other hand, other people
believe that GMO products must be sold. Usually they are
cheaper because the fruits and vegetables grown with the use
of GMOs are growing much faster. This is very important
for people who want to save money. I do not
agree with the above idea because health for a person
should be more important than money. Today people save on
food and buy genetically modified foods, and tomorrow they have
to spend huge amounts of money on medicines. In conclusion,
I would like to stress that everyone must care about
health. People do not save on food. I think that
the production and sale of genetically modified food must be
banned. All people have an education nowadays. Some people believe
that education is the most important part in people lives.
Whereas others think that work is the most important element
of a person's life. As far as I am concerned
education is the most important element of people lives. Firstly,
if you have a good education, you can get a
prestigious job. People with higher education are needed nowadays. Secondly,
usually people with a good education are more intelligent. They
know a lot, are interested in various things. Also, during
the training, they can meet different interesting people. On the
other hand, other people believe that the work is the
most important part in people lives. They believe that you
can work without education. These people do not understand why
they should spend time studying at a College or University
if they can go straight to work. I do not
agree with the above idea because education is very important.
When a person learns, they can learn something new. Also,
a person with an education will hold higher positions. In
conclusion, I would like to stress that education is very
important. If a person wants to achieve something in life,
he need to get a good education. Art is one
of the most important things in people's lives. Some people
believe that the government should finance the development of art.
Whereas others think that art mustn't be financed by the
government. As far as I am concerned the government should
provide funding for the art because many art workers need
money nowadays. Many talented artists, actors, and musicians live in
poverty. In order to survive, they have to work somewhere
else, they cannot fully devote themselves to creativity. If the
government helped them financially, they could spend more time to
create masterpieces. On the other hand, other people believe that
the government should not provide funding for the art. They
think so because they do not consider creative professions to
be professions. They believe that the profession should bring a
stable income. If creative people need money, then let them
change their profession. I do not agree with the above
idea because there are not a lot of really talented
creative people these days. In conclusion, I would like to
stress that the government should provide funding for the art.
A lot of creative people need it. We must help
people who do not see the world the way we
do. People who can gladden us with their pictures, movies
or music. English is an international language. Some people believe
that person should spend a lot of attention to learn
English. Whereas others think that knowledge of the English language
is not very important in these days. As far as
I am concerned people pay too much attention to learning
English nowadays. Firstly, this is necessary for people who want
to communicate with foreigners. Many foreigners know English because it
is an international language. Secondly, it helps in the work.
If a person works with foreigners, he need to know
English. On the other hand, other people believe that skills
of English are not important. They believe that it is
much more important to know Chinese, for example. There are
a lot of Chinese people now, they have a great
influence in all spheres of life. I do not agree
with the above idea because knowledge of the English language
is very important. In developed countries such as the United
States, great Britain, Australia, and others, it is English that
is spoken. In conclusion, I would like to stress that
people pay too much attention to learning English nowadays because
it is very important for people who want to work
and communicate with foreigners. There is an opinion that people
use technology to do a lot of things. For example,
they use computers to work and mobile phones to communicate
with others. Some people think that it is normal to
use so much devises all day long while others think
now it takes too much time. I strongly believe that
people spend too much time using their devices. Unfortunately, in
modern world they use them more than they use their
minds. Firstly, students often use a calculator in the phone
during the tests to do simple computations. They have become
too lazy to do it in their head. Secondly, people
spend a lot of time on the Internet. Hereupon the
amount of their live communication with people have significantly reduced.
However, there are people who oppose. They claim that there
is no need to stop using devices so much because
it is comfortable to use it. The reducing of time,
for example, would slow down business. Also, mobile phones make
it much easier to keep in touch with other people,
particularly when we're far away from home. Nevertheless, I do
not agree with the opposing opinion. People may just decrease
using devices. We have not completely exclude them from our
lives. We should limit ourselves to this. It would bring
positive results, our well-being will improve, we will begin to
think deeper. To sum up, I would like to stress
that technology is useful, but people have to limit time
of using it, be careful to not use it too
much. This reducing will awaken their brain and consciousness. Some
people think that authorities have to financially support such activities
as painting, composing music, photography, woodwork while others claim that
it is unnecessarily. I would like to express my point
of view on this issue. I strongly believe that art
needs support. Firstly, it leading us to open our minds
and think in new ways about our own lives. Arts
and crafts encourage people to experiment. There are no rules
in such activities. Secondly, a good well-rounded education have to
consists of study of the arts and sciences. We need
it to have something to compare with in our future.
Also, studying these two areas broadens our horizons. There is
another side to the issue. My opponents claim that that
there is no need to spend any budget money on
art. There are more important areas whose problems need to
be solved primarily. Therefore, government should direct money to deal
with these issues and state budget should not be wasted
on art. Despite my respect to the opposing opinion, I
agree with it. It should be remembered that there have
always been a lot of problems which people have to
solve but everlasting values always exist. Many people delight ancient
paintings. The beauties of the past inspire some people. It
means art have to be financed. To sum up, I
would like to stress it is necessary to support creative
people and creativity in general. It develops, improves people. Unfortunately,
without money many kinds of art would not survive. But
we can stop this extinction. Choosing a film to watch
is never easy. Some people think that it is better
to rely on the reviews when considering watching a movie.
Whereas, others believe that reviews are not helpers in such
situation. As far as I am concerned, filmgoers should really
take reviews into consideration when choosing a movie. To begin
with, reviews can help decide whether the film is worth
seeing or not. Other people's opinion might help someone save
his/her money and time. Moreover, reviews can give some peculiarities
and interesting facts about films. These things can interest a
filmgoer in seeing them. Although, some people have a different
point of view. In their opinion, relying on reviews is
not rational when choosing a movie. Every person is different
and has his/her own tastes and preferences, so it is
impossible to choose a movie just by relying on the
reviews. A filmgoer might prefer something that other people do
not like, or the other way around. I do not
agree with the opposing ideas. The reviews usually give a
clear picture about the film. Filmgoers do not rely on
one or two reviews, they read many of them. When
a lot of people have the same opinion about the
movie, there is a small chance that the chooser will
have a different point of view. To sum up, I
would like to stress that relying on reviews when choosing
a film is a great idea. The rate of the
movie is definitely something that should be considered when choosing
something to watch. 